English,Danish,Dutch,Finnish,French,German,Indonesian,Italian,Japanese,Latin,Norwegian,Portuguese,Spanish,Swahili,Swedish
a,pÃ¥,binnen,joku,quelqu'un,ein,-,un,ato,in,en,em,una,ndani ya,en
abdomen,bug,onderlijf,vatsa,ventre,unterleib,-,basso ventre,shitabara,venter,mave,ventre,abdomen,-,underliv
aberration,fejl,aberratie,virhe,erreur,verirrung {f},kesalahan,-,shuusa,error,villfarelse,erro,equivocaciÃ³n,kosa,-
able,dygtig,capabel,pÃ¤tevÃ¤,valide,kompetent,sanggup,adatto,yuui,-,dyktig,capaz,apto,enye akili,skicklig
about,om,circulerend,noin,concernant,ungefÃ¤hr,lebih kurang,intorno,sokosoko,circa,om,cerca,proximamente,-,vid
above,opad,benoorden,ylÃ¤puolella,dessus,oberhalb,-,al di sopra,ue,super,ovenpÃ¥,sobre,arriba,juu,ovanfÃ¶r
abroad,udenfor,in het buitenland,ulkomailla,dehors,im ausland,luar negeri,all'estero,zaigai,-,utenfor,no exterior,en el extranjero,ugenini,utlandet
abrupt,stejl,kortaf,Ã¤killinen,imprÃ©vu,plÃ¶tzlich,-,rapido,niwaka,abscisus,bratt,abrupto,brusco,-,abrupt
absent,fravÃ¦rende,verstrooid,poissaoleva,absent,abwesend,tidak hadir,mancante,-,absens,fravÃ¦rende,ausente,ausente,hako,borta
abuse,fornÃ¦rmelse,gescheld,kiduttaa,dÃ©faut,schmÃ¤hung,-,abuso,goyou,absumptio,misbruke,abuso,abuso,-,ovett
accent,lÃ¦gge vÃ¦gt pÃ¥,accentueren,mahtipontisuus,emphase,betonen,-,accento,gochou,accentus,aksent,acento,reforzar,-,brytning
accept,modtage,accepteren,ottaa vastaan,agrÃ©er,entgegennehmen,menerima,accogliere,akuseputo,accipere,godta,aceite,aceptar,pokea,acceptera
acceptance,-,aanvaarding,hyvÃ¤ksyminen,supposition,annahme {f},penerimaan,accoglienza,shouin,acceptatio,godtagelse,aceitaÃ§Ã£o,aceptaciÃ³n,-,accept
accident,ulykke,ongeluk,tapaturma,accident,miÃŸgeschick,kecelakaan,incidente,henji,-,ulykke,acidente,desgracia,tukio baya,slump
accompany,ledsage,vergezellen,saattaa,accompagnez,begleite,antar ... mengantar,accompagnare,douhan,-,ledsage,acompanhe,acompa ar,kwenda na,ledsaga
accomplish,-,behalen,saavuttaa,confectionner,vollbringen,capai,compiere,mattou,pervenire,fullfÃ¸re,realize,consumar,-,fullborda
accordion,trÃ¦kharmonika,trekharmonika,harmonikka,accordÃ©on,akkordeon {n},harmonika,fisarmonica,ako-dion,-,trekkspill,acordeÃ£o,acordeÃ³n,-,dragspel
account,konto,rekening,tili,supputation,berechnung,perhitungan,calcolo,kaikei,-,konto,cliente,calculo,hesabu,rÃ¤kenskap
acid,sur,zuur,happo,aigre,sÃ¤ure,-,acido,sui,acidus,syre,Ã¡cido,agriarse,-,syrlig
across,tvÃ¦rs,over,poikki,en Ã©charpe,durch,lintang,diÃ metro,-,-,tvers over,atravÃ©s de,travieso,katikati,Ã¶ver
act,handling,doen,vaikuttaa,agissez,handeln,-,atto,koui,actum,spille,fazer,acto,-,akt
action,handling,actie,teko,action,aktion {f},-,effetto,shigusa,factum,-,aÃ§Ã£o,pleito,tendo,aktion
actor,skuespiller,speler,nÃ¤yttelijÃ¤,acteur,schauspieler,peran,attore,shu,-,skuespiller,actor,actor,mcheza,skÃ¥despelare
ad,annonce,bericht,ilmoitus,annonce,zeitungsanzeige,pemberitahuan,denuncia,ado,-,annonse,anÃºncio,indicacion,tangazo,-
add,tilfÃ¸je,bijtellen,lisÃ¤tÃ¤,rajouter,zufÃ¼gen,tambah,aggiungere,kasan,accensere,legge til,adicione,suplementar,-,bifoga
address,adresse,adresseren,osoite,laÃ¯us,anschrift {m},alamat,rivolgere la parola,uwagaki,-,adresse,endereÃ§o,direcciÃ³n,anwani,rikta
advertisement,reklame,bericht,mainos,rÃ©clame,ankÃ¼ndigung {f},adpertensi,inserzione,ado,-,annonse,anÃºncio,indicacion,tangazo,annons
advice,rÃ¥d,raad,neuvoa,conseil,hinweisgabe,nasehat,consigliere,jogon,-,rÃ¥d,conselho,consejo,shauri,rÃ¥d
advise,rÃ¥de,adviseren,neuvoa,avisent,raten,mensasihatkan,consigliare,kan,monere,-,recomende,adivinar,-,rÃ¥da
aeroplane,flyvemaskine,vliegmachine,lentokone,avion,flugzeug,pesawat terbang,aeroplano,hikouki,-,fly,aviÃ£o,aviÃ³n,-,flygplan
affair,anliggende,zaak,asia,affaire,affÃ¤re {f},perkara,affare,kyoku,causa,anliggende,caso,asunto,jambo,-
after,efter,achter,jÃ¤lkeen,aprÃ¨s,nachdem,sesudah,in,sugi,post,etter,depois,despuÃ©s,baada ya,efter
afternoon,eftermiddag,namiddag,iltapÃ¤ivÃ¤,aprÃ¨s-midi,nachmittag,petang,pomeriggio,gogo,-,ettermiddag,tarde,-,alasiri,eftermiddag
afterwards,derefter,naderhand,sitten,puis,rÃ¼ckwÃ¤rts,-,in,atode,postea,bak,mais tarde,posterior,-,efter
again,igen,opnieuw,jÃ¤lleen,de nouveau,nochmals,pula,da capo,mou,-,igjen,outra vez,otra vez,tena,Ã¥nyo
against,imod,met,vastaan,en retour,dagegen,lawan,in confronto,agensuto,contra,-,contra,en contra,juu ya,emot
age,alder,leeftijd,ajanjakso,viellir,alter {n},umur,vecchiezza,toshigoro,Ã¦tas,alder,idade,edad,umri,tidsÃ¥lder
ahead,fremad,daarvoor,-,autrefois,oben,sebelumnya,davanti,maeni,ante,-,antes,adelante,mbele,fÃ¶rut
aid,assistent,assistent,auttaa,aider,helfen,bantuan,aiutare,kyuujo,auxilium,hjelpe,ajudar,ayudar,msaada,hjÃ¤lp
air,luft,lucht,ilma,souffle,luft,angin,aria,tei,Ã¦r,luft,ar,aire,hewa,luft
ale,Ã¸l,bier,olut,biÃ¨re,bier,-,birra,-,cervisia,Ã¸l,cerveja inglÃªsa,ale,pombe,Ã¶l
alien,fremmed,ijselijk,vieras,hideux,fremd,asing,-,e-rian,advena,fremmed,estrangeiro,extranjero,a kigeni,-
all,al,de hele ... door,jokainen,toute,alle,tiap,ogni cosa,arankagiri,-,alt,todo,todos,ote,samtliga
almost,nÃ¦sten,schier,melkein,-,fast,hampir,quasi,mazu,fere,nesten,quase,casi,-,nÃ¤stan
alone,alene,louter,yksin,seul,entlang,sendiri,solo,tandokude,solus,alene,sozinho,Ãºnico,tu,allena
already,allerede,al,jo,dÃ©jÃ ,schon,sudah,giÃ ,sudeni,iam,-,jÃ¡,ya,-,redan
also,ogsÃ¥,evenzeer,myÃ¶s,aussi,auÃŸerdem,-,anche,mata,-,ogsÃ¥,tambÃ©m,tambiÃ©n,pia,med
amount,belÃ¸b,tal,summa,nombre,betrag,jumlah,importo,teido,summa,belÃ¸p,uma quantidade,importe,-,belopp
and,og,en,ja,et,sowohl,-,e,soshite,ac,og,e,y,na,och
angel,engel,engel,enkeli,ange,engel,-,angelo,mitsukai,angelus,-,anjo,Ã¡ngel,malaika,Ã¤ngel
animal,dyr,dierlijk,elÃ¤in,bÃªte,tier,-,animale,ikimono,bestia,dyr,animal,animal,mnyama,animal
answer,svar,antwoorden,vastata,rÃ©ponse,lÃ¶sung {f},-,rispondere,ninoku,responsum,svare,responder,contestar,jibu,besked
apple,Ã¦ble,appel,omena,pomme,apfel {m},-,mela,appuru,-,eple,maÃ§Ã£,manzana,tunda la kizungu,Ã¤pple
approximately,omtrent,ongeveer,noin,environ,annÃ¤herungsweise,lebih kurang,circa,ooyoso,circa,-,cerca,proximamente,-,omkring
april,april,grasmaand,huhtikuu,avril,april {m},april,aprile,shigatsu,aprilis,april,abril,abril,aprili,april
arm,arm,bewapenen,kÃ¤sivarsi,armez,arm {m},lengan,regolare,ude,bracchium,arm,braÃ§o,brazo,mkono,arm
art,kunst,kunst,taide,artistique,kunstgriff,-,arte,jutsu,ars,kunst,arte,ma a,-,konst
article,ting,handelsartikel,esine,article,artikel {m},benda,oggetto,shiromono,articulus,ting,artigo,objecto,kitu,vara
ash,ask,as,tuhka,frÃªne,esche,abu,cenere,kaijin,cinis,-,cinza,fresno,-,ask
ask,bede,vragen,pyytÃ¤Ã¤,demandons,fragen,minta,pregano,-,quÃ¦rere,spÃ¸rre,rogar,orar,-,frÃ¥ga
asparagus,asparges,asperge,parsa,asperge,spargel,-,asparago,asuparagasu,asparagus,asparges,espargo,esparrcgos,-,sparris
ass,Ã¦sel,ezel,aasi,aliboron,esel,-,Ã sino,ketsunoana,asinus,esel,burro,asno,punda,Ã¥sna
assist,hjÃ¦lpe,helpen,auttaa,assister,helfen,bantu ... membantu,promuovere,ashisuto,-,hjelpe,ajudar,asistir,-,hjÃ¤lpa
at present,nu,-,nyt,momentanÃ©,gegenwÃ¤rtig,-,presente,mokka,nunc,nÃ¥,ora,ahora,sasa,fÃ¶r tillfÃ¤llet
attack,angreb,aangrijpen,hyÃ¶kÃ¤tÃ¤,attaquent,anfall {m},-,assalire,raishuu,oppugnare,angrep,ataque,acceso,-,anfall
attempt,bestrÃ¦be sig,streven,koettaa,dÃ©marche,versuch,coba ... mencoba,esperimentare,kikyuu,-,forsÃ¸ke,esforÃ§o,carnet,-,fÃ¶rsÃ¶k
attend,besÃ¸ge,verplegen,hoitaa,visiter,bedienen,mengunjungi,evÃ dere,-,adstare,ledsage,atenda,asistir,-,bevista
autumn,efterÃ¥r,herfst-,syksy,automnal,herbst,-,autunno,aki,autumnum,hÃ¸st,outono,otoÃ±o,-,hÃ¶st
average,midte,gemiddeld,keskiarvo,moyenne,durchschnitts...,tengah,mediocritÃ ,chuutou,-,gjennomsnitt,mÃ©dia,mediania,-,medeltal
avoid,undvige,mijden,vÃ¤lttÃ¤Ã¤,Ã©vitons,meide,menghindari,evitare,kaihi,abscedere,unngÃ¥,evite,rehuir,-,undvika
baby,baby,baby,vauva,bÃ©bÃ©,kleinkind,baybi,bebÃ¨,osanago,-,spebarn,bebÃª,bebÃ©,-,baby
back,ryg,rugstuk,selkÃ¤,foncierÃ¨re,retour,-,dosso,ushiro,spina,tilbake,dorso,revÃ©s,-,tillbaka
bacon,bacon,spek,ihra,lard,schinkenspeck,-,lardo,be-kon,arvina,bacon,toucinho,lardo,-,flÃ¤sk
bad,dÃ¥rlig,kwalijk,-,mauvais,schlecht,buruk,cattivo,warui,malus,dÃ¥rlig,mau,podrido,baya,elak
bag,taske,tas,sÃ¤kki,fouille,sack,karung,sacco,hyou,lura,pose,saco,bolsillo,mfuko,pÃ¥se
bank,bred,bank,ranta,bord,bank,-,sponda,ginkou,-,bank,margem,orilla,benki,bank
bark,bark,boomschors,haukkua,Ã©corce,rinde,-,abbaio,kawa,cortex,bjeff,casca,ladrido,ganda,bark
basket,kurv,ben,-,panier,korb,keranjang,canestro,kago,cophinus,kurv,cesta,cesto,kikapu,korg
beach,strand,strand,-,plage,strand {m},pantai,lido,mizugiwa,acta,strand,praia,playa,-,plage
beak,nÃ¦b,bek,nokka,bec,schnabel,-,becco,kuchibashi,beccus,nebb,bico,pico,-,pip
bear,bjÃ¸rn,naar buiten brengen,kÃ¤rsiÃ¤,endurer,bÃ¤r,derita ... menderita,orso,-,ursus,bjÃ¸rn,urso,soportar,dubu,tÃ¥la
beard,skÃ¦g,baard,parta,barbe,bart,janggut,barba,hige,barba,skjegg,barba,barba,ndevu,skÃ¤gg
beautiful,smuk,schoon,kaunis,beau,schÃ¶n,indah,-,shan,pulcher,vakker,belo,bello,zuri,skÃ¶n
bed,bed,perk,vuode,planche,betten,-,letto,fushido,sponda,seng,cama,-,kitanda,bÃ¤dd
bee,bi,honingbij,mehilÃ¤inen,abeille,wettbewerb,-,ape,hachi,-,bie,abelha,abeja,nyuki,bi
beer,Ã¸l,bier,olut,biÃ¨re,bier,-,birra,biiru,cerevisia,Ã¸l,cerveja,cerveza,pombe,Ã¶l
before,-,voor,edessÃ¤,avant de,bevor,-,prima che,izen,pro,fÃ¸r,antes,antes,kabla ya,fÃ¶rr
behind,bagom,aan het einde,-,arriÃ¨re,hinten,-,indietro,kouhou,pyga,bak,trÃ¡s,tras,nyuma,bakom
below,derunder,beneden,alla,dessous,unterhalb,-,sotto,ika,subter,under,abaixo,abajo,chini,under
beneath,under,beneden,alla,sous,unten,-,abbasso,shita,sub,under,abaixo de,debajo,chini ya,under
bicycle,cykel,fiets,polkupyÃ¶rÃ¤,bÃ©cane,fahrrad,-,velocipede,jitensha,-,sykkel,bicicleta,bicicleta,baisikeli,cykel
big,stor,groot,iso,mailloche,wichtig,besar,grande,biggu,-,stor,grande,grande,kubwa,stor
bill,nÃ¦b,snavel,lippu,bec,rechnung,karcis,biglietto di banca,biru,beccus,regning,factura,billete,-,vÃ¤xel
bird,fugl,vogel,lintu,oiseau,vogel,-,uccello,tori,volucris,fugl,pÃ¡ssaro,pÃ¡jaro,nyuni,fÃ¥gel
bitter,bitter,bitter,-,amer,bitter,pahit,birra,nigai,amarus,sur,amargo,amargar,chungu,hÃ¤tsk
black,sort,zwart,musta,noir,schwarz,hitam,nera,kuroi,pullus,svart,preto,-,eusi,svart
blame,skyld,aanrekenen,syyttÃ¤Ã¤,blÃ¢me,blamieren,-,biÃ simo,seme,culpa,klandre,culpar,culpa,-,klandra
blank,hvid,wit,valkea,formulaire,leere,-,biglietto non vincente,binboukuji,candidus,hvit,espaÃ§o em branco,blanco,eupe,formulÃ¤r
blind,blind person,blind,sokea,aveugle,blenden,-,cieco,buraindo,cÃ¦cus,blind,cortina,deslumbrar,kipofu,blÃ¤nda
blood,blod,bloed,veri,sang,blut,-,sangue,chi,sanguis,blod,sangue,sangre,damu,blod
bloom,blomst,bloem,kukka,fleur,blÃ¼te,bunga,fiore,-,flos,blomst,flor,flor,ua,-
blue,blÃ¥,blauw,sininen,bleu,trÃ¼bsinnig,biru,turchino,aoi,-,blÃ¥,azul,azul,-,blÃ¥
boat,bÃ¥d,boot,soutuvene,canot,boot,-,barca,shuutei,cumba,bÃ¥t,barco,barca,-,bÃ¥t
body,legeme,carrosserie,keho,corps,leiche,badan,addome,bodi,corpus,legeme,corpo,cuerpo,mwili,kropp
bold,tyk,gedurfd,paksu,gros,fett,-,grassello,zubutoi,-,tykk,gordo,audaz,nene,kÃ¤ck
bone,ben,schonk,luu,os,knochen,tulang,osso,hone,os,ben,osso,hueso,mfupa,ben
book,bog,boek,kirja,commander,bestellen,buku,libro,bukku,libellus,bok,livro,libro,kitabu,bok
bosom,bryst,boezem,rinta,sein,busen,dada,-,futokoro,-,barm,seio,pecho,kifua,barm
boss,chef,aanvoerder,pÃ¤Ã¤llikkÃ¶,dabe,chef,majikan,capo,taishou,magister,-,amo,capitÃ¡n,bwana,chef
bottle,flaske,fles,pullo,flacon,flasche,botol,bottiglia,botoru,-,flaske,frasco,botella,chupa,flaska
bowl,kumme,vont,vati,globuleux,schale,mangkuk,scodella,donburibachi,-,skÃ¥l,tejela,cascara,-,skÃ¥l
box,beholder,boksen,rasia,loge,boxen,kotak,palco,kou,capsa,-,caixa,estuche,chombo,lÃ¥da
boy,tjener,knaap,poika,serviteur,knabe,pelayan,giovinetto,gyaruson,anculus,gutt,menino,criado,mtumishi,pojke
brain,hjerne,hersenen,aivot,cervelle,gehirn,otak,cervello,bure-n,-,hjerne,cÃ©rebro,cerebro,-,hjÃ¤rna
branch,afdeling,tak,oksa,filiale,springen,dahan,filiale,shibu,-,gren,ramo,bifurcar,-,bransch
brave,modig,flink,uljas,brave,tapfer,berani,coraggioso,isamashii,-,modig,bravo,arrojado,hodari,trotsa
bread,brÃ¸d,mik,leipÃ¤,pain,brot,roti,pagnotta,bureddo,pane,brÃ¸d,pÃ£o,pan,mkate,brÃ¶d
break,brÃ¦kke,afbreken,sÃ¤rkeÃ¤,rompons,aufheben,mempecahkan,vomico,kireme,rumpere,-,partir-se,romper,-,avbrott
breast,bryst,boezem,nisÃ¤,sein,brust,dada,torace,munamoto,mamma,bryst,peito,pecho,kifua,brÃ¶st
bridge,bro,brug,silta,carpette,brÃ¼cke,jembatan,ponte,burijji,-,bro,ponte,puente,-,brygga
broad,bred,breed,leveÃ¤,large,umfassend,luas,largo,habahiroi,-,bred,largo,ancho,pana,bred
brother,broder,broer,veli,frÃ¨re,kollege,-,fratello,-,frater,bror,irmÃ£o,hermano,kaka,bror
brush,bÃ¸rste,borstelen,harja,brosse,fegen,sikat,pennello,sasshi,-,bÃ¸rste,escova,brocha,-,pensel
bucket,spand,emmer,Ã¤mpÃ¤ri,seau,schaufel,ember,secchio,oke,situla,bÃ¸tte,balde,balde,-,hink
building,bygning,constructie,-,Ã©dification,erstellung,bangunan,edificio,tatemono,Ã¦dificium,bygning,edifÃ­cio,edificio,-,byggnad
burden,lÃ¦s,beladen,lasti,accablement,belaste,memuati,addossare,fuka,-,byrde,carga,gravamen,mzigo,last
burn,brÃ¦nde,aanbranden,palaa,s'allumer,zÃ¼ndung {f},membakar,ustione,kashou,flagrare,brenne,queimadura,pinchar,-,vidbrÃ¤nna
business,handel,aangelegenheid,kauppa,affaire,geschÃ¤ft,perkara,affare,ko,res,forretning,comÃ©rcio,negocio,jambo,rÃ¶relse
but,men,maar,kuitenkin,pourtant,ohne daÃŸ,-,ma,datte,autem,-,mas,sino,bali,men
butcher,slagter,slachten,teurastaa,boucher,fleischer,-,macellaio,nikuya,cÃ¦dere,slakter,aÃ§ougueiro,carnicero,-,slaktare
butter,smÃ¸r,boter,voi,beurre,butter,-,burro,bata-,-,smÃ¸r,manteiga,manteca,siagi,smÃ¶r
bye,farvel,adieu,hyvÃ¤sti,adieu,wiedersehen,-,rivedersi,bai,ave,farvel,adeus,adiÃ³s,kwa heri,-
cabbage,kÃ¥l,kool,kaali,chou,kohl,-,cavolo,kyabetsu,brassica,kÃ¥l,repolho,col,-,kÃ¥l
cabin,kahyt,stulp,mÃ¶kki,hutte,kajÃ¼te,-,cabina,kebin,canaba,lugar,camarote,cabana,kibanda,koja
call,rÃ¥be,noemen,kutsua,appel,anruf {m},-,fama,ko-ru,vocare,kalle,nomear,llamada,-,visit
candle,lys,kaarsensterkte,kynttilÃ¤,bougie,kerze,lilin,candela,kyandoru,-,lys,vela,bujia,-,ljus
capable,dygtig,bekwaam,kykenevÃ¤,capable,fÃ¤hig,sanggup,adatto,yuui,-,dyktig,capaz,capaz,enye akili,duglig
capture,fange,beetnemen,pyydystÃ¤Ã¤,capturez,erfassen,menangkap,rilevamento,nottori,-,fange,captaÃ§Ã£o,capturar,-,uppbringa
carry,bÃ¦re,dragen,kantaa,remportent,Ã¼bertragen,angkat ... mengangkat,-,kyari-,vehere,bÃ¦re,carregue,sostener,-,bÃ¤ra 
case,anliggende,affaire,asia,affaire,koffer,perkara,tasca,ke-su,causa,anliggende,caso,baul,jambo,hylsa
cat,kat,kattekop,kissa,chat,katze,-,gatto,neko,catus,katt,gato,gato,paka,katt
catch,fange,aanfloepen,pyydystÃ¤Ã¤,attrapez,fangen,menangkap,accalappiare,gyokaku,-,fangst,prendedor,capturar,-,ertappa
caution,forsigtighed,waarschuwen,varoittaa,circonspection,behutsamkeit,-,fedeltÃ ,chuui,monere,forsiktighet,cuidado,precaucion,-,fÃ¶rsiktighet
chain,kÃ¦de,ketting,ketju,enchaÃ®ner,kette,-,catena,kusari,catena,kjede,corrente,cadena,-,kedja
chair,stol,stoel,tuoli,siÃ¨ge,stuhl,kursi,presidenza,kouza,-,stol,cadeira,presidencia,kiti,stol
chalk,kridt,krijt,liitu,crÃ©tacÃ©,ankreiden,-,cretÃ ceo,hakuboku,creta,kritt,greda,greda,-,krita
chamber,vÃ¦relse,lokaal,huone,ventricule,zimmer,kamar,camera,-,-,rom,quarto,habitaciÃ³n,chumba,rum
change,veksle,veranderen,muuttaa,changement,wechseln,ubah ... berubah,convertire,hensen,-,forandre,troco,alterar,-,omkastning
character,karakter,aard,merkki,caractÃ¨re,schriftzeichen,tanda,natura,hinsei,animus,-,carÃ¡cter,seÃ±a,-,karaktÃ¤r
charge,lÃ¦s,aanklacht,lasti,chargeons,aufladung {f},muatan,caricato,denka,-,-,carga,gravamen,mzigo,avgift
cheap,billig,goedkoop,-,bon marchÃ©,minderwertig,murah,economico,tegaru,vilis,billig,barato,barato,rahisi,billig
cheese,ost,kaas,juusto,fromage,kÃ¤se,-,formaggio,chi-zu,caseus,ost,queijo,queso,jibini,ost
cherry,kirsebÃ¦r,kers,kirsikka,cerise,kirsche,-,ciliegia,sakuranbo,cerasus,kirsebÃ¦r,cereja,cereza,-,kÃ¶rsbÃ¤r
chest,kiste,borst,rinta,sein,koffer,dada,torace,mune,arca,bryst,caixa,arca,kifua,lÃ¥r
chicken,hÃ¸ne,kippevlees,kukko,poulet,huhn,anak ayam,pollo,chikin,-,hÃ¸ne,galinha,gallina,kuku,kyckling
chief,chef,aanvoerder,pÃ¤Ã¤llikkÃ¶,dabe,anfÃ¼hrer {m},majikan,capo,oyabun,dux,hÃ¸vding,chefe,comandante,jumbe,hÃ¶vding
child,barn,loot,lapsi,enfant,kind,-,fanciullo,youji,infans,barn,menino,niÃ±o,mwana,barn
church,kirke,kerk,kirkko,Ã©glise,kirche,gereja,chiesa,kyoukai,-,kirke,igreja,iglesia,kanisa,kyrka
cigarette,cigaret,saffiaantje,savuke,sÃ¨che,zigarette,rokok,sigaretta,shigaretto,-,sigarett,cigarro,papelillo,-,cigarrett
circle,cirkel,kring,ympyrÃ¤,cercle,kreis,-,cerchia,maru,orbis,sirkel,cÃ­rculo,cÃ­rculo,-,krets
city,by,wereldstad,kaupunki,citÃ©,stadt,-,cittÃ ,shiti,oppidum,by,vila,ciudad,mji,stad
class,-,stand,kurssi,cours,klasse,kelas,categoria,rui,classis,klasse,classe,curso,-,klass
clay,ler,klei-,savi,glaise,ton,-,argilla,nendo,argilla,leire,argila,arcilla,-,lera
clean,gÃ¸re ren,rein,puhdas,nettoyent,sauber,membersihkan,forbire,sapparishita,purus,ren,limpar,enjugar,safi,rensa
clear,tydelig,hel,selvÃ¤,net,klar,nyata,forbire,akiraka,-,klar,cancele,franco,-,redig
clerk,kontorist,bediende,-,employÃ©e,beamte,-,funzionario,shoki,amanuensis,kontorist,caixeiro,oficinista,karani,kontorist
client,kunde,klant,asiakas,client,kunde,langganan,committente,raihousha,-,klient,freguÃªs,cliente,-,klient
climate,-,klimaat,ilmasto,climat,klima,iklim,clima,kishou,clima,klima,clima,clima,-,klimat
clock,ur,uurwerk,kello,horloge,uhr,-,orologio,kurokku,-,klokke,pulso de disparo,reloh,saa,ur
clothes,klÃ¦der,kleding,-,vÃªture,bekleidet,pakaian,vestimento,emon,-,klÃ¦r,roupa,ropaje,nguo,klÃ¤der
cloud,sky,wolk,pilvi,nue,wolke,awan,nube,kumo,nebula,sky,nuvem,sombrc,-,moln
cold,forkÃ¸lelse,koud,-,froid,erkÃ¤ltung,-,raffreddore,hiyayaka,frigus,kald,constipaÃ§Ã£o,resfriado,baridi,kyla
collect,samle,collecteren,kerÃ¤tÃ¤,recueillir,zusammenfassen,mengumpulkan,incassare,korekuto,colligere,-,colete,cobrar,-,inkassera
colour,farve,verven,-,-,farbe,warna,tinta,iro,color,farge,cor,coloracion,rangi,kulÃ¶r
comb,kam,uitkammen,kammata,peigne,kamm,menyisir,pettinare,kushi,-,kjemme,pente,peine,-,kam
common,sÃ¦dvanlig,algemeen,yhteinen,couramment,allgemein,-,sciolto,tsuuzoku,communis,alminnelig,comum,comun,-,tarvlig
complete,fuld,compleet,tÃ¤ysi,clÃ´turer,vervollstÃ¤ndigen,lengkap,completare,irounaku,plenus,-,cheio,concluir,kamili,full
condition,tilstand,conditie,tila,conditionner,bedingung,-,condizione,joutai,condicio,tilstand,circunstÃ¢ncia,condicion,-,villkor
conduct,opfÃ¸rsel,de weg wijzen,opastaa,amenent,leiten,pimpin,comportamento,furumai,adducere,oppfÃ¸rsel,conduta,modales,-,dirigera
consent,enighed,het eens zijn,suostua,acquiescez,einwilligen,setuju,consenso,doui,-,-,consentimento,asentir,kubali,samtycka
consider,betragte,beschouwen,katsella,envisagent,berÃ¼cksichtigen,-,riflettere,kankou,spectare,overveie,considere,considerar,-,betÃ¤nka
cook,kokkepige,koken,keittÃ¤Ã¤,cuisiner,koch,-,cuÃ²cere,itamae,-,kokk,cozinheiro,cocinero,mpishi,kock
copper,kobber,roodkoperen,kupari,cuivre,kupfer,-,rame,dou,Ã¦s,kopper,cobre,cobre,-,koppar
copy,kopi,exemplaar,jÃ¤ljentÃ¤Ã¤,calquer,abbild {n} (kopiert),salin ... menyalin,copia,fukuhon,apographon,avskrift,cÃ³pia,transcripcion,-,kopia
cord,reb,snaar,kÃ¶ysi,corde,schnur,tali,cordicella,ko-rudo,chorda,-,cabo,cordÃ³n,uzi,snÃ¶re
correct,rigtig,juist,korjata,corrigent,korrekt,betul,corretto,kitsu,-,riktig,correto,recto,sahihi,beriktiga
counsel,rÃ¥de,adviseren,neuvoa,conseiller,beratung,nasihat,consiglio,bengonin,monere,-,conselhos,aconsejar,shauri,-
country,land,platteland,maa,contrÃ©e,gegend,darat,terreno,kuni,-,land,campo,paÃ­s,nchi,land
course,fad,tracÃ©,kurssi,notation,lauf,-,quotazione,shinro,-,fat,curso,cursillo,sahani,kurs
court,gÃ¥rd,het hof maken,piha,briguez,hof,-,cortile,goten,-,domstol,pÃ¡tio,patio,ua,rÃ¤tt
cover,dÃ¦kke,dekken,peittÃ¤Ã¤,recouvrir,schutz,-,copro,uwadzutsumi,-,deksel,tampa,tapa,kifuniko,tÃ¤cke
crazy,-,krankzinnig,hullu,fou,Ã¼bergeschnappt,gila,pazzo,toppyoushimonai,amens,sprÃ¸,louco,chiflado,-,galen
cross,kors,kruisen,risti,traversent,quer,-,incrociare,kousa,crux,kryss,cruz,atravesar,msalaba,kors
crowd,mÃ¦ngd,hoop,kasa,acculer,menge {f},-,calca,hitodakari,multitudo,mengde,multidÃ£o,apretura,-,skara
cruel,grusom,wreed,julma,cruel,grausam,kejam,crudele,hakujou,acerbus,grusom,-,cruel,-,grym
cucumber,agurk,komkommer,-,concombre,gurke,mentimun,cetriolo,kyuuri,cucumis,slangeagurk,pepino,pepino,-,gurka
cup,kop,kopje,kuppi,tasse,pokal/tasse,cangkir,calice,kappu,-,kopp,chÃ¡vena,taza,kikombe,kopp
custom,sÃ¦dvane,usance,tapa,moralitÃ©,kunden,adat,usanza,korei,mos,bruk,costume,usanza,desturi,sedvÃ¤nja
cycle,cykel,fietsen,polkupyÃ¶rÃ¤,cycle,ablauf [zeitl.] {m},-,circolazione,saikuru,-,sykkel,ciclo,ciclo,baisikeli,cykla
dance,bal,bal,tanssiaiset,danser,tanz,-,ballare,dansu,saltare,dans,danÃ§a,danza,-,dansa
danger,fare,hachelijkheid,vaara,danger,gefahr,bahaya,pericolo,kitai,periculum,fare,perigo,peligro,hatari,fara
dangerous,farlig,gevaarlijk,-,dangereux,gefÃ¤hrlich,berbahaya,pericoloso,abunakkashii,acutus,farlig,perigoso,peligroso,-,farlig
dark,mÃ¸rk,somber,-,obscuritÃ©,dunkel,-,accigliato,kuro,obscurus,mÃ¸rk,escuro,oscuro,enye giza,dunkel
darkness,mÃ¸rke,duister,-,tÃ©nÃ¨bres,finsternis,-,oscuritÃ ,ankoku,caligo,mÃ¸rke,escuridÃ£o,tinieblas,giza,mÃ¶rker
date,datum,dadel,pÃ¤ivÃ¤mÃ¤Ã¤rÃ¤,date,termin,-,data,nendai,caryota,daddel,tÃ¢mara,datil,tarehe,datum
daughter,datter,dochter,-,fille,tochter,-,figlia,goreijou,filia,datter,filha,hija,binti,dotter
dawn,daggry,aurora,aamurusko,aurore,morgendÃ¤mmerung,-,crepÃ¹scolo,keimei,eos,daggry,alvorecer,creusculo,-,gryning
day,dag,dag,pÃ¤ivÃ¤,journÃ©e,tag,-,giorno,dei,dies,dag,dia,dia,siku,dag
dear,kÃ¦r,geacht,kallis,cher,liebe,mahal,caro,koishii,carus,kostbar,caro,estimado,ghali,kÃ¤r
december,december,december,joulukuu,dÃ©cembre,dezember,desember,dicembre,juunigatsu,december,desember,dezembro,diciembre,desemba,december
deep,dyb,laag,syvÃ¤,viscÃ©rale,tief,-,cupo,fukai,-,dyp,profundamente,profundo,refu,djup
defeat,besejre,nederlaag,voittaa,vainqent,vernichten,-,sconfitta,make,vincere,nederlag,derrota,derrota,-,nederlag
degree,grad,trap,aste,licence,stufe,derajat,grado,kagen,-,grad,grau,licencia,-,grad
desert,udÃ¸rken,wildernis,autiomaa,dÃ©sertez,verlassen,-,deserto,areno,arena,desertere,deserto,desierto,-,desertera
design,plan,werkje,piirtÃ¤Ã¤,dessin,planung,-,progetto,gara,-,tegning,projeto,propÃ³sito,shauri,planera
die,dÃ¸,doodgaan,kuolla,meurs,sterben,-,estinguersi,saikoro,alea,dÃ¸,dado,expirar,-,dÃ¶
direct,lige,mennen,suora,dirigeons,direkt,pimpin,dirigere,jiki,-,styre,direto,mandar,-,styra
disappear,forsvinde,verdwijnen,-,se perdre,verschwinden,hilang,scomparire,kieuseru,abolescere,forsvinne,desapareÃ§a,desaparecer,-,fÃ¶rsvinna
disease,sygdom,ziekte,-,maladie,erkrankung,penyakit,malattia,byouki,morbus,sykdom,doenÃ§a,enfermedad,ugonjwa,-
distance,afstand,afstand,etÃ¤isyys,distance,entfernung {f},-,spazio,enkin,-,avstand,distÃ¢ncia,alejamiento,mwendo,distans
divide,dele,afzonderen,jakaa,divisez,scheiden,bagi ... membagi,spartire,hanasu,abrumpere,skille,dividir,dividir,-,avdela
doctor,lÃ¦ge,doctor,lÃ¤Ã¤kÃ¤ri,mÃ©decin,arzt {m},tabib,dottore,dokutoru,-,doktor,mÃ©dico,medico,mganga,doktor
dog,hund,hond,koira,clebs,hund,-,cane,inu,canis,hund,cÃ£o,perro,mbwa,hund
donkey,Ã¦sel,ezel,aasi,aliboron,esel,-,Ã sino,usagiuma,asinus,esel,asno,asno,punda,Ã¥sna
door,dÃ¸r,portier,ovi,porte,tÃ¼r,-,porta,toguchi,ianua,dÃ¸r,porta,-,mlango,lucka
doubt,tvivl,dubben,epÃ¤illÃ¤,doutent,zweifel,bimbang,mettere in dubbio,gigi,addubitare,-,dÃºvida,dudar,-,tvivla
dove,due,duif,kyyhkynen,colombe,taube,-,piccione,hato,columba,due,pombo,pichÃ³n,-,duva
dream,drÃ¸mme,dromen,uni,songer,traum,mimpi,sognare,yume,-,drÃ¸mme,sonho,soÃ±ar,ndoto,drÃ¶m
dress,klÃ¦de sig,een verband omleggen,puku,habiller,kleid,-,vestito,emon,vestire,antrekk,vestido,revestir,-,klÃ¤da
drink,drik,pimpelen,juoda,boisson,trinken,-,bevanda,dorinku,bibi,drikke,beber,bebida,-,dricka
drunk,drukken,dronken,juopunut,bu,getrunken,-,ebbro,hebereke,ebrius,full,bÃªbedo,bebido,-,full
dry,tÃ¸r,dor,kuiva,sÃ©chent,trocken,kering,asciutto,dorai,-,tÃ¸rr,seco,seco,kavu,torr
dust,stÃ¸v,stof,pÃ¶ly,poussiÃ©re,staub,debu,polvere,chiri,-,stÃ¸v,pÃ³,polvo,-,stoft
duty,pligt,plicht,velvollisuus,obligation,pflicht,kewajiban,dogana,sekinin,-,toll,dever,deb,-,tull
each,al,ieder,jokainen,chacun,jede,tiap,ogni,sorezore,-,hver enkelt,cada um,cada,ote,var
eagle,Ã¸rn,adelaar,kotka,aigle,adler {m},-,aquila,i-guru,aquila,Ã¸rn,Ã¡guia,aguila,-,Ã¶rn
ear,Ã¸re,oor,korva,oreille,kopf,telinga,orecchio,mimi,auricilla,Ã¸re,orelha,oreja,sikio,ax
earth,jord,aanaarden,maa,mondiale,erde,-,mondo,tsuchi,tellus,verden,terra,tierra,kiwanja,mull
east,Ã¸st,oosten,itÃ¤,est,osten,-,est,azuma,-,Ã¸st,leste,este,mashariki,ost
easy,let,licht,helppo,lÃ©ger,unschwer,-,semplice,zousanai,facilis,behagelig,fÃ¡cil,facil,rahisi,ledig
effect,resultat,indruk,teho,effet,ergebnis,akibat,effetto,tegotae,-,virkning,efeito,efecto,-,effekt
egg,Ã¦g,ei,muna,oeuf,ei,-,uovo,-,ovum,egg,ovo,huevo,yai,Ã¤gg
eight,otte,acht,kahdeksan,huit,acht,delapan,otto,hatsu,octo,Ã¥tte,oito,ocho,nane,Ã¥tta
eighteen,atten,achttien,kahdeksantoista,dix huit,achtzehn,-,diciotto,juuhachi,duodeviginti,atten,dezÃ³ito,dieciocho,kumi na nane,aderton
elephant,elefant,olifant,norsu,Ã©lÃ©phant,elefant,gajah,elefante,zou,barrus,elefant,elefante,elefante,ndovu,-
eleven,elleve,elf,yksitoista,onze,elf,-,undici,irebun,undecim,elleve,onze,once,kumi na -moja,elva
employ,tilbringe,aannemen,palkata,braquer,beschÃ¤ftigung,menggunakan,occupare,you,-,ansette,empregar,colocar,-,anstÃ¤lla
empty,tÃ¸mme,hol,tyhjÃ¤,videz,ausleeren,leher,vuotare,karappo,inanis,tom,vÃ¡cuo,evacuar,tupu,tÃ¶mma
end,fuldende,uiterste deel,loppu,se dÃ©nouer,schluÃŸ,akhir,al punto piÃ¹ estremo,shuuryou,finis,utlÃ¸pe,extremidade,terminar,mwisho,slut
ending,ende,uitgang,loppu,fin,ende,akhir,ultimazione,musubi,finis,slutt,fim,final,mwisho,Ã¤ndelse
engine,lokomotiv,locomotief,kone,rÃ©acteur,motor,motor,locomotiva,enjin,-,maskin,motor,maquina,mtambo,maskin
enough,nok,genoeg,kylliksi,suffisant,genug,-,abbastanza,juubun,-,nok,bastantes,basta,a kutosha,nog
entire,hel,compleet,koko,global,ganze,-,globale,zenbu,totus,hel,inteiro,entero,zima,locka
envelope,konvolut,couvert,kirjekuori,enveloppe,briefumschlag,amplop,involucro,enbero-pu,-,konvolutt,envelope,sobre,-,kuvert
error,fejl,fout,virhe,erreur,irrtum,salah,vizio,sonji,error,mistak,defeito,equivocaciÃ³n,kosa,villfarelse
estate,bondegÃ¥rd,goed,maatila,bien,grundbesitz,-,fattoria,esute-to,villa,gods,fazenda,granja,-,gods
estimate,vurdere,schatten,arvioida,devis,abschÃ¤tzen,menaksir,valutazione,yosoudaka,appretiare,vurdering,avaliar,estimar,-,vÃ¤rdera
europe,europa,europa,eurooppa,europe,europa,eropah,europa,youroppa,-,europa,europa,europa,ulaya,europa
evade,undvige,ontwijken,vÃ¤lttÃ¤Ã¤,Ã©vader,ausweichen,menghindari,schivare,-,abscedere,lure seg unna,evitar,evadir,-,undanbe sig
even,flad,gelijk,yhtÃ¤lÃ¤inen,soi mÃªme,gerade (zahl),-,anzi,nimo,vel,flat,mesmo,incluso,-,slÃ¤t
ever,nogensinde,eenmaal,jolloinkin,jaÃ¹ais,jemals,-,a secondo,toko,-,alltid,sempre,alguna vez,o -ote,nÃ¥gonsin
every,al,elk,jokainen,toute,jeder,tiap,ogni,sorezore,-,enhver,todo,cada,ote,var
everyone,al,iedere,jokainen,chacun,jeder,tiap,ognuno,minasan,-,alle,todo,cada,ote,alla
example,eksempel,toonbeeld,esimerkki,exemple,beispiel,umpama,esempio,hyouhon,proplasma,eksempel,exemplo,cala a,-,exempel
expensive,kÃ¦r,kostbaar,kallis,coÃ»teux,teuer,mahal,caro,takai,carus,kostbar,caro,caro,ghali,dyr
expire,dÃ¸,aflopen,kuolla,expirons,verfallen,berakhir,decorrere,ekusupaia,necare,utlÃ¸pe,morrer,caducar,-,utlÃ¶pa
eye,Ã¸je,kijker,silmÃ¤,maille,auge {n},mata,occhio,manako,oculus,Ã¸ye,olho,ojo,jicho,Ã¶gla
face,ansigt,het hoofd bieden,kasvot,visage,beschichten,muka,viso,men,facies,ansikt,cara,fisonomÃ­a,uso,ansikte
fact,faktum,feit,tosiasia,factum,tatsache,kenyataan,realtÃ ,arugamama,-,faktum,fato,hecho,-,faktum
factory,fabrik,fabriek,tehdas,fabrique,fabrik,-,ditta,fakutori,-,fabrikk,fÃ¡brica,fÃ¡brica,karakana,fabrik
faint,svag,zwak,pyÃ¶rtyÃ¤,s'Ã©vanouir,matt,lemah,deliquio,bon'yari,-,svak,fraco,desmayarse,hafifu,matt
fair,blond,marktplein,markkinat,blond,blond,adil,fecente,soutou,-,-,justo,catiro,soko,hygglig
faithful,tro,trouw,uskollinen,loyal,sinngetreu,setia,fido,chuujitsu,-,trofast,fiel,fiel,-,trogen
false,falsk,loos,-,postiche,unwahr,palsu,fasullo,heki,falsus,falsk,falso,impropio,-,osann
family,familie,gezin,perhe,famille,rechnerfamilie,keluarga,famiglia,shuzoku,familia,familie,famÃ­lia,familia,-,familj
farewell,afsked,vaarwel,hyvÃ¤sti,adieu,lebewohl,-,separazione,saraba,ave,farvell,adeus,adios,kwa herini,farvÃ¤l
farm,bondegÃ¥rd,agrarisch,vuokrata maata,domaine,farm,-,fattoria,noujou,villa,gÃ¥rd,granja,agrario,-,bondgÃ¥rd
fast,hurtig,vasten,luja,vite,schnell,lekas,presto,subayai,-,rask,rÃ¡pido,cuaresma,epesi,fasta
fat,fed,lijvig,rasva,gros,fett,-,grassello,nikudzukinoyoi,arvina,fett,gordo,engrase,nono,fet
father,fader,pater,isÃ¤,pere,vater,bapak,padre,otokooya,abbas,far,pai,padre,baba,far 
fear,angst,beklemming,pelÃ¤tÃ¤,angoisse,fÃ¼rchten,-,angoscia,osore,-,frykte,receio,recelo,hofu,befara
feather,-,pluim,kynÃ¤,plume,feder,-,penna,feza-,pinna,fjÃ¦r,pena,pluma,kalamu,fjÃ¤der
february,februar,sprokkelmaand,helmikuu,fÃ©vrier,februar,pebruari,febbraio,nigatsu,-,februar,fevereiro,febrero,februari,februari
feed,spise,eten,syÃ¶dÃ¤,nourrir,eingabe,makan,mangiare,esa,-,mÃ¥ltid,alimentaÃ§Ã£o,alimentar,-,mata
fellow,mand,aaneen,mies,ensemble,bursche,-,uomo,tomogara,vir,medlem,companheiro,compaÃ±ero,mwanamume,kurre
fetch,hente,brengen,-,apporter,abruf {m},ambil ... mengambil,portare,fecchi,adducere,innbringe,busque,sacar,-,apportera
fever,feber,koorts,kuume,fiÃ¨vre,fieber,demam,febbre,netsu,-,feber,febre,fiebre,homa,feber
field,mark,akker,pelto,champ,feld,-,territorio,no,ager,felt,campo,recinto,shamba,fÃ¤lt
fifteen,femten,vijftien,viisitoista,quinze,fÃ¼nfzehn,-,quindici,juugo,quindecim,femten,quinze,quince,kumi na -tano,femton
fifty,halvtreds,vijftig,viisikymmentÃ¤,cinquante,fÃ¼nfzig,-,cinquanta,-,quinquaginta,femti,cinqÃ¼Ãªnta,cincuenta,hamsini,femtio
file,fil,bestand,viilata,ranger,feile,baris,lima,yasuri,vicis,arkiv,fila,reglamentar,-,arkivera
finally,endelig,eindelijk,-,enfin,endlich,akhirnya,finalmente,ageku,tandem,endelig,finalmente,finalmente,-,slutligen
fine,bÃ¸de,net,kaunis,tendre,fein,cantik,multa,bakkin,pulcher,skjÃ¸nn,belo,fino,bora,vite
finger,finger,vinger,sormi,digitale,finger,jari,dito,finga-,digitus,ta pÃ¥,dedo,palpar,kidole,tumma pÃ¥
finished,fÃ¦rdig,beÃ«indigd,valmis,prÃªt,beendete,siap,perfetto,-,-,ferdig,terminado,listo,tayari,fÃ¤rdig
fire,skyde,ontzetten,tuli,larguer,schieÃŸen,api,buttare fuori,kasai,-,varme,fogo,disparar,moto,eld
firm,fast,gevestigd,luja,social,fest,gagah,comitiva,shoukai,-,firma,firma,sociedad,-,fast
first,fÃ¸rst,eerste,-,premier,zunÃ¤chst,-,primo,kan,primus,fÃ¸rste,primeiramente,primeramente,a kwanza,fÃ¶rnÃ¤mst
fish,fisk,vissen,kala,poisson,fischen,ikan,pescare,uo,piscis,fisk,peixe,pescar,samaki,fisk
five,fem,vijf,viisi,cinq,fÃ¼nf,lima,cinque,go,quinque,fem,cinco,cinco,tano,fem
flat,flad,appartement,tasainen,plat,flach,flat,appartamento,furatto,-,flat,liso,liso,-,vÃ¥ning
float,svÃ¸mme,vlotten,uida,flottent,floÃŸ,berenang,zattera,yatai,natare,flottÃ¸r,nadar,nadar,-,vaja
floor,etage,verdieping,kerros,plancher,fuÃŸboden,lantai,pavimento,yuka,-,etasje,andar,pavimento,-,golv
flour,mel,meel,jauhot,farine,mehl,-,farina,komugiko,-,mel,farinha,harina,unga,mjÃ¶l
flow,flyde,stromen,virrata,coulons,flieÃŸen,alir ... mengalir,fluviale,furo-,-,flo,fluxo,flujo,-,flÃ¶da
flower,blomst,bloem,kukka,fleur,blume,bunga,fiore,kusabana,flos,blomst,flor,flor,ua,blomma
fly,flyve,aanvliegen,kÃ¤rpÃ¤nen,voler,fliegen,terbang,andara,hae,volare,flykte,voar,mosca,inzi,fluga
fog,tÃ¥ge,nevel,sumu,masquer,verschleiern,-,foschia,fogu,caligo,dis,neblina,bruma,-,dimma
fold,fold,omvouwen,taivuttaa,pliez,falten,lipat,grinza,bai,-,fold,dobra,doblar,-,vika
folk,folk,volk,kansa,peuple,leute,-,gente,minkan,populus,mennesker,povo,pueblo,watu,-
follow,fÃ¸lge,opvolgen,seurata,suivre,folgen,mengikuti,conseguire,forou,-,fÃ¸lge,sequir,perseguir,-,fÃ¶lja
foot,fod,voet,jalka,pÃ©destre,basis,-,base,fi-to,pes,fot,pÃ©,pie,mguu,stativ
for,forbi,gedurende,aikana,pour,als,-,per,taishite,-,til,durante,pues,ili,ty
force,tvinge,doordrukken,tyrkyttÃ¤Ã¤,forcez,kraft,paksa ... memaksa,effetto,chikara,construprare,styrke,forÃ§a,poderio,-,kraft
foreign,udenlandsk,uitheems,vieras,-,auslÃ¤ndisch,asing,straniero,taigai,advena,-,extrangeiro,ajeno,a kigeni,utlÃ¤nsk
foreigner,udlÃ¦nding,buitenlander,-,Ã©trangÃ¨re,auslÃ¤nder {m},orang asing,straniera,takokujin,barbarus,fremmed,estrangeiro,extranjero,mgeni,utlÃ¤nning
forest,skov,woud,-,forestier,wald,-,selva,hayashi,silva,skog,floresta,bosque,msitu,skog
formerly,forhen,daarvoor,-,jadis,fÃ¶rmlich,sebelumnya,davanti,kyuurai,ante,tidligere,diante,delante,mbele,fordom
fountain,kilde,fontein,kaivo,Ã©vent,brunnen,mata-air,sorgente,izumi,-,kilde,fonte,procedencia,-,fontÃ¤n
four,fire,vier,neljÃ¤,quatre,vier,empat,quattro,yottsu,quattuor,fire,quatro,cuatro,nne,fyra
fourteen,fjorten,veertien,neljÃ¤toista,quatorze,vierzehn,-,quattordici,juushi,quattuordecim,fjorten,quatorze,catorce,kumi na -nne,fjorton
fourth,fjerde,vierde,neljÃ¤s,quart,viertes,-,quarta,-,quartus,fjÃ¦rde,quinto,cuarto,a nne,fjÃ¤rde
free,gratis,onbezet,vapaa,loisirs,freigeben,-,rilasciare,furi-,liber,ledig,livre,dispensar,-,fri
friday,fredag,vrijdag,perjantai,vendredi,freitag,jumat,venerdÃ­,kin'youbi,-,fredag,sexta-feira,viernes,ijumaa,fredag
friend,veninde,vriendin,ystÃ¤vÃ¤,amie,freundin,kawan,camerata,kaonajimi,amica,venn,amiga,camarada,rafiki,vÃ¤n
friendly,venlig,voorkomend,ystÃ¤vÃ¤llinen,aimable,befreundetem,baik-haiti,cortese,hitonatsukkoi,comis,vennskapelig,amigÃ¡vel,amistoso,-,vÃ¤nlig
frog,frÃ¸,kikker,sammakko,grenouille,frosch,kodok,rana,kaeru,-,frosk,rÃ£,rana,chura,groda
from,ud,sedert,ulos,flamÃ©,von,-,da,kara,a,etter,de,de,kwa,ifrÃ¥n
fruit,frugt,vrucht,hedelmÃ¤,fruitier,obst,buah,frutti,mi,-,frukt,fruta,fruta,-,frukt
full,fuld,totaal,kyllÃ¤inen,rempli,vÃ¶llig,-,gremito,ippai,plenus,fullstendig,completamente,lleno,-,full
gain,erhverv,acquest,voittaa,gagner,verstÃ¤rkung,-,prodotto,gein,-,gagn,ganho,provecho,faida,vinst
game,leg,spel,-,jeu,spiel,permainan,giuoco,emono,-,spill,jogo,baraja,mchezo,parti
garden,have,hof,puutarha,jardin,garten,kebun,giardino,niwa,hortus,have,jardim,jardin,bustani,trÃ¤dgÃ¥rd
gate,dÃ¸r,draaihek,ovi,porte,sperre,-,valvola,seki,ianua,port,porta,paso,mlango,grind
gather,slutte,deduceren,tehdÃ¤ johtopÃ¤Ã¤tÃ¶s,cueillent,erfassen,kumpulkan,raccogliere,gyaza-,concludere,plukke,recolhimento,cosechar,-,samla
gentle,sÃ¸d,liefelijk,makea,doux,zahm,manis,dolce,nagoyaka,dulcis,sÃ¸t,suave,dulce,tamu,vek
get,gribe,verkrijgen,hankkia,acquÃ©rir,bringen,ambil ... mengambil,arrivare,choudai,capere,hente,receber,acoger,-,bliva
gift,gave,gift,lahja,cadeau,gabe,pemberian,presente,atae,donum,gave,presente,regalo,-,present
give,give,schenken,antaa,donnent,eingeben,beri ... memberi,dare,-,dare,gi,elasticidade,donar,-,giva
glass,glas,drinkglas,juomalasi,verre,spiegel,-,calice,garasu,-,speil,vidro,cascara,kioo,glas
goal,hensigt,doelstelling,pÃ¤Ã¤mÃ¤Ã¤rÃ¤,but,zielpunkt,maksud,scopo,go-ru,-,mÃ¥l,alvo,fin,-,mÃ¥l
goat,ged,sik,-,chevre,geiÃŸ,kambing,capra,yagi,caper,geit,cabra,cabra,mbuzi,get
god,gud,god,jumala,dieux,gutes,allah,iddio,kamisama,deus,gud,deus,dios,mungu,gud
gold,guld,gulden,kulta,or,gold,emas,oro,go-rudo,aureus,gull,ouro,oro,-,-
good,god,okee,hyvÃ¤,bon,gut,-,buono,tame,bonus,god,bom,bueno,ema,bra
goodbye,farvel,vaarwel,hyvÃ¤sti,adieu,auf wiedersehen,-,arrivederci,adiosu,ave,farvel,adeus,adiÃ³s,kwa herini,farvÃ¤l
goose,gÃ¥s,gans,hanhi,oie,gans,-,oca,gachou,anser,gÃ¥s,ganso,oca,-,gÃ¥s
grade,grad,graad,aste,degrÃ©,einteilen,pangkat,sorta,kurai,-,trinn,classe,grado,cheo,gradera
grape,vindrue,druif,rypÃ¤le,raisin,weintraube,-,uva,gure-pu,botrys,drue,uva,uva,-,druva
grass,grÃ¦s,gras,ruoho,herbe,gras,rumput,erba,gurasu,-,gress,erva,cÃ©sped,majani,grÃ¤s
grease,fedt,invetten,rasva,graisse,abschmieren,-,grassello,guri-su,arvina,fett,graxa,grasa,-,fett
green,grÃ¸n,groen,vihreÃ¤,vert,grÃ¼n,hijau,verde,ao,cÃ¦ruleus,grÃ¸nn,verde,verde,-,grÃ¶nt
greeting,hilsen,saluut,tervehdys,salutation,begrÃ¼ÃŸung,salam,vale,eshaku,-,hilsen,cumprimento,saludo,salamu,hÃ¤lsning
ground,grund,achtergrond,pohja,sol,maÃŸe,-,suolo,daichi,-,Ã¥rsak,fundo,suelo,udongo,mark
guard,konduktÃ¸r,bewaken,vartioida,contrÃ´leur,bewachen,-,proteggere,goei,custodia,garde,protetor,guardar,mlinzi,akta
guest,gÃ¦st,gast,vieras,convive,gast,-,ospite,okyakusan,conviva,gjest,convidado,huÃ©sped,mgeni,frÃ¤mmande
guide,fÃ¸re,besturen,opastaa,conduire,fÃ¼hren,pimpin,introduzione,sendatsu,adducere,-,guia,impuestos,-,vÃ¤gleda
habit,sÃ¦dvane,aanwensel,tapa,habitude,angewohnheit {f},kebiasaan,costumanza,narawashi,consuetudo,drakt,hÃ¡bito,hÃ¡bito,desturi,vana
hair,hÃ¥r,haardos,hius,chevelure,haar,-,capelli,hea,capillus,hÃ¥r,pÃªlo,cabello,nywele,hÃ¥rstrÃ¥
hammer,hammer,hameren,-,martelez,hammer,palu,martello,kanadzuchi,marcus,hamre,martelo,acotillo,-,hamra
hand,arbejder,aanreiken,kÃ¤si,ouvrier,hand,pekerja,mano,te,manus,hÃ¥nd,mÃ£o,obrero,mkono,hand
handsome,skÃ¸n,fijn,kaunis,beau,gutaussehend,cantik,-,rippa,formosus,-,belo,bonito,zuri,vacker
hang,hÃ¦nge,hangen,riippua,pendre,hÃ¤ngen,-,appiccare,hangu,pendere,henge,cair,colgar,-,hÃ¤nga
happen,ske,toegaan,tapahtua,se passer,geschehen,terjadi,avvenire,-,accidere,hende,aconteÃ§a,ocurrir,-,ske
happy,lykkelig,gelukkig,onnellinen,chanceux,glÃ¼cklich,senang,lieto,yukai,-,glad,feliz,feliz,-,lycklig
hard,vanskelig,hard,-,dur,fest,-,solido,sobou,difficilis,hard,difÃ­cil,duro,gumu,hÃ¥rd
hare,hare,haas,jÃ¤nis,liÃ¨vre,hase,-,lepre,usagi,-,hare,lebre,liebre,sungura,hare
harvest,hÃ¸st,oogst,korjata,rÃ©coltent,herbst,-,raccolto,minori,-,avling,colheita,cosechar,mavuno,skÃ¶rda
have,modtage,erop nahouden,saada,avons,besitzen,menerima,prendere,-,habere,ha,haver,poseer,na,ha
he,han,hij,hÃ¤n,lui,er,-,lui,hyu-man'enjiniaringu,-,han,ele,Ã©l,yeye,han
head,hoved,geleiden,pÃ¤Ã¤,tÃªte,kopf,pimpin,capoccia,kashira,caput,leder,cabeÃ§a,cabeza,kichwa,chef
healthy,sund,gezond,terve,sain,gesÃ¼nder,sehat,sano,herushi-,sanus,-,saudÃ¡vel,sano,-,hÃ¤lsosam
hear,hÃ¸re,verstaan,kuulla,oyons,vernehme,-,sentisti,hia,audire,fÃ¥ vite,ouÃ§a,oÃ­r,-,Ã¥hÃ¶ra
heart,hjerte,hart,sydÃ¤n,coeur,herz,jantung,cuore,chuushin,cor,kjerne,coraÃ§Ã£o,corazo,moyo,hjÃ¤rta
heat,ild,gloed,lÃ¤mmittÃ¤Ã¤,chaleur,wÃ¤rme-,panas,calore,atsusa,-,lÃ¸petid,calor,calor,-,hetta
heavy,tung,drukkend,-,emportÃ©,schwer,berat,pesante,tadai,-,tung,pesado,abrupto,zito,tung
help,hjÃ¦lpe,assisteren,auttaa,aide,hilfe,bantuan,aiuto,sewaninaru,auxilium,hjelp,ajuda,ayudar,msaada,hjÃ¤lp
her,sin,haar,hÃ¤n,son,es,-,lei,-,suus,hennes,ela,ello,ake,henne
here,her,hier,-,ici,hier,-,quite,korede,hic,her,aqui,aquÃ­,humu,hit
high,hÃ¸j,hoog,korkea,haut,hoch,-,altissimo,kihou,altus,hÃ¸y,elevado,sumamente,-,hÃ¶g
hill,bakke,aanaarden,-,Ã©lÃ©vation,anhÃ¶he {f},-,collina,hiru,collis,Ã¥s,monte,colina,mlima,kulle
hip,hofte,heup,lonkka,hanche,hÃ¼fte,-,anca,koshi,coxendix,nype,quadril,cadera,-,hÃ¶ft
hit,banke,slaan,lyÃ¶dÃ¤,frapper,hieb,pukul,picchiare,atari,-,ramme,bater,batido,-,trÃ¤ffa
hold,bevare,-,pitÃ¤Ã¤,stopper,halten,memegang,durare,ho-rudo,tenere,tak,porÃ£o,continuar,-,tag
hole,hul,groef,reikÃ¤,rÃ©duit,markierung,lubang,fossa,ana,-,hull,furo,agujero,tundu,glugg
honest,Ã¦rlig,eerlijk,rehellinen,honnÃªte,ehrlich,jujur,onesto,ryoushinteki,probus,Ã¦rlig,honesto,leal,-,rejÃ¤l
honey,honning,honing,hunaja,miel,honig,-,miele,hani-,-,honning,mel,miel,asali,honung
hope,hÃ¥be,hopen,toivoa,erspÃ©rer,hoffe,harap,sperare,mikomi,spes,hÃ¥p,esperanÃ§a,esperanza,-,fÃ¶rhasta
horse,hest,paard,hevonen,cheval,pferd,kuda,cavallo,uma,caballus,hest,cavalo,bayo,farasi,hÃ¤st
hotel,hotel,hotel,hotelli,hotel,hotel,hotel,albergo,hoteru,-,hotell,hotel,hotel,hoteli,hotell
hour,time,uur,tunti,heure,stunde,jam,lezione,jibun,hora,time,hora,hora,saa,tidpunkt
house,hus,geslacht,talo,maison,haus,-,casa,taku,villa,hus,casa,casa,nyumba,hus
how,-,hoe,miten,comme,wie,sebagai,come,doushite,-,hvordan,como,cuan,kama,hur
however,-,echter,kuitenkin,toutefois,dennoch,-,in ogni modo,shikaruni,tamen,hvordan,embora,realmente,lakini,likvÃ¤l
hundred,hundrede,honderd,sata,centaine,hundert,-,cento,hyaku,centum,hundre,cem,cien,mia,hundra
husband,mand,gemaal,puoliso,Ã©poux,mann,suami,consorte,aruji,-,ektemann,marido,marido,mume,man
hut,hytte,hut,mÃ¶kki,hutte,hÃ¼tte,-,capanna,fuseya,casa,hytte,cabana,cabana,kibanda,nav
i,jeg,mij,minÃ¤,j',ich,aku,me,hon'in,ego,jeg,-,yo,mimi,in
ice,is,ijsje,jÃ¤Ã¤,glace,eis,es,ghiaccio,aisu,-,ise,gelo,helado,-,is
idea,idÃ©,idee,aate,trouvaille,idee,ide,nozione,sakui,-,tanke,idÃ©ia,concepto,-,idÃ©
illness,sygdom,ziekte,-,maladie,-,penyakit,malattia,irei,morbus,sykdom,doenÃ§a,enfermedad,ugonjwa,Ã¥komma
important,vigtig,erg,tÃ¤rkeÃ¤,grave,bedeutend,penting,vistoso,inpo-tanto,-,viktig,importante,grave,kubwa,viktig
in,i,per,-,dans,in,-,negli,oite,in,inn,em,por,ndani ya,pÃ¥
induce,slutte,besluiten,tehdÃ¤ johtopÃ¤Ã¤tÃ¶s,induis,veranlassen,-,provocare,yuuhatsu,concludere,bevege,induza,inducir,-,fÃ¶rmÃ¥
industrious,flittig,naarstig,ahkera,assidÃ»ment,fleiÃŸig,giat,valente,temame,-,flittig,aplicado,industrioso,-,idog
inexpensive,billig,goedkoop,-,abordable,preiswert,murah,economico,teiren,vilis,billig,barato,barato,rahisi,-
infant,barn,kind,lapsi,enfant,kleinkind,-,fanciullo,akachan,infans,spedbarn,crianÃ§a,niÃ±o,mtoto,-
inhabitant,indbygger,inwoner,-,habitant,einwohner,-,abitatore,juunin,incola,beboer,habitante,morador,mwenyeji,invÃ¥nare
ink,blÃ¦k,inkt,muste,encre,tinte,tinta,inchiostro,sumi,-,blekk,tinta,tinta,wino,blÃ¤ck
inside,pÃ¥,per,-,dans,inneres,-,di dentro,naimenteki,in,innside,para dentro,en,katika,inne
interesting,interessant,interessant,kummallinen,intÃ©ressant,anteil,menarik,interesante,omoshiroi,-,interessant,interessar,enderezado,-,intressant
iron,strygejern,ijzeren,rauta,fer Ã  repasser,eisen,besi,ferro,airon,ferrum,-,fÃ©rreo,plancha,chuma,jÃ¤rn
island,Ã¸,eiland,saari,Ã®le,insel,pulau,isola,shima,insula,Ã¸y,console,isla,kisiwa,Ã¶
january,januar,louwmaand,tammikuu,janvier,januar,januari,gennaio,ichigatsu,-,januar,janeiro,enero,januari,januari
job,embede,emplooi,virka,mÃ©tier,arbeit {f},-,lavoro,jobu,labor,spekulere,tarefa,trabajo,kazi,jobb
join,forene,zich aansluiten,sitoa,joignent,verbinden,mengikat,legare,setsuzoku,adiungere,forbinde,junte,reunirse,-,foga
journey,rejse,toer,matka,voyage,reise,perjalanan,itinerario,enro,-,reise,viagem,viaje,safari,resa
joy,glÃ¦de,blijdschap,ilo,joie,-,-,consolazione,gojou,gaudium,glede,alegria,alegrÃ­a,furaha,frÃ¶jd
judge,dÃ¸mme,beoordelen,tuomita,juge,richter,hakim,giudice,jajji,-,dÃ¸mme,juiz,juez,-,bedÃ¶ma
jug,kande,kan,ruukku,pot,krug,-,orcia,kame,-,potte,jarro,jarro,chungu,kanna
juice,saft,sap,mehu,jus,saft,air perah,succo,shoueki,-,kraft,suco,zumo,-,saft
july,juli,juli,heinÃ¤kuu,juillet,juli,juli,luglio,shichigatsu,-,juli,julho,julio,julai,juli
jump,springe,springen,hypÃ¤tÃ¤,sautent,sprung,melompat,saltellare,tobikomi,salire,hoppe,salto,brinco,-,hoppa
june,juni,zomermaand,kesÃ¤kuu,juin,juni,juni,giugno,rokugatsu,-,juni,junho,junio,juni,juni
just,retfÃ¦rdig,billijk,juuri,juste,gerade,adil,equanime,tadashii,solum,rimelig,somente,solamente,tu,rÃ¤ttvis
key,nÃ¸gle,toonschaal,sÃ¤velasteikko,clÃ©,passfeder,kunci,chiave,ki-,clavis,nÃ¸kkel,chave,tecla,ufunguo,nyckel
kill,drÃ¦be,ombrengen,-,tuent,tÃ¶ten,bunuh,uccidere,uchitoru,absumere,drepe,matanÃ§a,matar,-,slÃ¥ ihjÃ¤l
kind,art,vriendelijk,ystÃ¤vÃ¤llinen,aimable,sorte {f},macam,fare,you,lepidus,vennlig,amÃ¡vel,bondadoso,-,god
king,dame,dam,kuningas,dame,kÃ¶nig,-,-,kokuou,rex,konge,rei,rey,mfalme,konung
knee,knÃ¦,knie,polvi,genou,knie,lutut,ginocchio,ni-,genu,kne,joelho,rodilla,goti,knÃ¤
knife,kniv,mes,-,lingue,messer,pisau,coltello,debabouchou,smila,kniv,faca,cuchillo,kisu,kniv
know,vide,kennen,tuntea,savons,kÃ¶nnen,tahu,potere,nou,scire,kunne,saber,saber,-,veta
lake,sÃ¸,waterplas,jÃ¤rvi,marin,see,-,navale,re-ku,lacus,sjÃ¸,lago,lago,-,insjÃ¶
lamp,lampe,lamp,lamppu,lampe,lampe,lampu,lampada,ranpu,lychnus,lampe,lÃ¢mpada,lampara,taa,lampa
land,land,aan land gaan,maa,atterrir,boden,darat,terreno,rando,tellus,lande,terra,aterrizar,ulaya,Ã¤gor
language,sprog,taal,kieli,parole,sprache,bahasa,idioma,range-ji,lingua,sprÃ¥k,lÃ­ngua,idioma,lugha,sprÃ¥k
large,stor,groot,iso,grand,groÃŸ,besar,grande,ko,-,utstrakt,grande,anchuroso,kubwa,stor
last,forbigangen,voorgaand,viimeinen,dernier,zuletzt,-,ultimo,saishuu,-,vare,Ãºltimo,postrero,a mwisho,sist
law,lov,recht,laki,loi,gesetz,hukum,legge,nori,lex,rett,lei,ley,-,lag
lead,fÃ¸re,de weg wijzen,opastaa,guider,blei,pimpin,condurre,sentou,adducere,ledelse,ligaÃ§Ã£o,guiar,-,fÃ¶ra
leader,chef,gebieder,pÃ¤Ã¤llikkÃ¶,causeur,fÃ¼hrer {m},majikan,guida,shuhan,-,leder,lÃ­der,jefe,jumbe,ledare
leaf,blad,vel,lehti,feuille,blatt,-,sfogliare,ha,folium,blad,folha,hoja,jani,blad
lean,mager,schragen,nojata,maigre,mager,tipis,sostenere,kei,-,helle,delgado,apoyarse,-,mager
leap,springe,springen,hypÃ¤tÃ¤,sauter,springen,lompat,saltare,chouyaku,salire,sprang,pulo,brincar,-,sprÃ¥ng
leather,lÃ¦der,taai,nahka,cuir,leder,kulit,cuoio,kawa,corium,lÃ¦r,couro,cuero,-,lÃ¤der
leave,lÃ¸slade,op reis gaan,jÃ¤ttÃ¤Ã¤,laisser,verlassen,-,andÃ rsene,tachisaru,abÃ¦tere,reise,licenÃ§a,irse,-,uttrÃ¤da
leg,ben,been,sÃ¤Ã¤ri,jambe,bein,-,gamba,katai,crus,lÃ¥r,pÃ©,pierna,mguu,-
lemon,citron,citroen,sitruuna,citron,zitrone,jeruk,limone,remon,-,sitron,limÃ£o,limon,-,citron
letter,bogstav,zendbrief,kirjain,missive,brief,surat,epistolare,shousoku,epistola,bokstav,carta,letra,barua,skrivelse
lie,lÃ¸gn,liggen,maata,mentir,lÃ¼ge,baring ... berbaring,circostanza,rai,cubare,lÃ¸gn,mentira,mentir,uongo,lÃ¶gn
life,liv,leven,-,vie,leben,-,stare,itonami,vita,liv,vida,vida,maisha,leverne
light,let,aansteken,valo,camoufle,hell,enteng,lampada,ranpu,lumen,belysning,dÃ©bil,lampara,nuru,sken
lightning,lyn,bliksem,salama,fulgurer,blitz,-,baleno,denkou,fulgetrum,lyn,relÃ¢mpago,relÃ¡mpago,umeme,-
like,synes om,hoe,miten,de suite,gernhaben,sebagai,simile,douyou,-,som,quÃ£o,parejo,kama,liksom
line,medesnÃ¸re,vislijn,viiva,raie,furche,baris,riga,rain,vicis,bransje,fio,turno,mstari,linje
lion,lÃ¸ve,leeuw,leijona,lion,lÃ¶we,-,leone,raion,leo,lÃ¸ve,leÃ£o,leÃ³n,simba,lejon
lip,lÃ¦be,lip,huuli,lÃ¨vre,lippe,bibir,labbra,rippu,labia,leppe,bordo,labio,-,lÃ¤pp
list,liste,uitlisten,lista,Ã©numÃ©rer,auflisten,daftar,numerare,meikan,-,slagside,lista,detallar,-,fÃ¶rteckning
little,lille,gering,-,petit,klein,kecil,piccolo,kinshou,-,litt,pequeno,pequeÃ±o,dogo,litet
liver,lever,lever,maksa,foie,leber,hati,epatico,reba-,-,lever,fÃ­gado,hÃ­gado,-,lever
load,lÃ¦s,laden,lasti,chargement,aufladen,memuati,caricato,ro-do,-,last,carga,carga,mzigo,ladda
loaf,brÃ¸d,mik,leipÃ¤,pain,laib,roti,pagnotta,-,pane,brÃ¸d,pÃ£o,pan,mkate,limpa
lobster,hummer,langoest,hummeri,homard,hummer,-,aragosta,ebi,locusta,hummer,lagosta,langosta,-,hummer
long,lang,lang,pitkÃ¤,longuement,lang,-,vasto,daradara,longus,lenge,comprido,largo,refu,lÃ¥ng
look,betragte,het uiterlijk hebben van,katsella,regardons,schauen,-,cera,gorannasai,spectare,blikk,olhar,acreditar,-,titt
love,elske,beminnen,rakastaa,aimez,liebe,kasih,amore,koigokoro,amor,elskede,amor,amor,-,kÃ¤rlek
lovely,behagelig,behaaglijk,suloinen,charmant,lieblich,cantik,ameno,itoshii,pulcher,yndig,formoso,agradable,zuri,Ã¤lsklig
low,lav,laag,-,infÃ©rieure,nieder,rendah,inferiore,hikui,abiectus,nedslÃ¥tt,baixo,bajo,-,gemen
loyal,tro,getrouw,uskollinen,loyal,loyal,setia,fido,roiyaru,-,lojal,leal,fiel,-,trogen
lump,brud,prop,kimpale,morceau,kloÃŸ,-,cumulo,kobu,-,klumpe,protuberÃ¢ncia,pedazo,kipande,klimp
machine,-,machine,kone,machine,bearbeiten,mesin,ordigno,mashi-n,-,maskin,mÃ¡quina,maquina,mtambo,maskin
mad,-,dolzinnig,hullu,fou,irre,gila,arrabbiato,kichigai,amens,rasende,louco,enojado,-,tokig
magazine,tidskrift,blad,sanomalehti,gazette,zeitschrift,-,periodico,zasshi,-,tidsskrift,jornal,periÃ³dico,gazeti,tidskrift
man,menneske,mens,mies,mÃ¢le,mann,manusia,persona,banbutsunoreichou,vir,menneske,homem,hombre,mwanamume,mÃ¤nniska
march,gÃ¥,lopen,marssia,marcher,mÃ¤rz,maret,camminare,yayoi,ambulare,mars,marÃ§o,andar,machi,tÃ¥ga
market,torv,marktplein,markkinat,commercialisons,markt,pasar,mercato,hanro,-,torg,mercado,mercado,soko,marknad
matter,anliggende,aangelegenheid,asia,matiÃ¨re,sache,perkara,stoffa,naiyou,causa,anliggende,matÃ©ria,materia,jambo,Ã¤rende
mattress,madras,matras,-,matelas,matratze,tikar,materasso,shikibuton,sisurna,madrass,colchÃ£o,colchÃ³n,-,madrass
may,maj,bloeimaand,voida,mai,mÃ¶ge.mai,mei,potere,kamoshirenai,-,mai,maio,mayo,mei,mÃ¥
maybe,mÃ¥ske,misschien,-,peut-Ãªtre,vielleicht,boleh jadi,chissÃ ,moshikashitara,fortasse,kanskje,talvez,quizÃ¡,labda,kanske
me,mig,mij,minÃ¤,je,mir,aku,me,ware,ego,-,mim,me,mimi,mig
meal,mel,bloem,jauhot,repas,essen,-,pietanza,mi-ru,-,mel,refeiÃ§Ã£o,harina,unga,mÃ¥l mat
means,vÃ¦rktÃ¸j,middel,keino,ressource,bedeutet,perkakas,espediente,shikata,-,middel,significa,medios,-,utvÃ¤g
measure,mÃ¥l,meten,mitata,mesurent,messen,-,proporzione,shisaku,-,mÃ¥l,medida,tacto,cheo,mÃ¥tt
meat,kÃ¸d,vlees,liha,viande,fleisch,daging,carne,niku,-,kjÃ¸tt,carne,carne,nyama,kÃ¶tt
medicine,-,medicijn,lÃ¤Ã¤ke,mÃ©dicament,medizin,obat,medicina,igaku,-,medisin,medicina,medicina,dawa,medicin
milk,mÃ¦lk,melk,lypsÃ¤Ã¤,trayez,milch,susu,latte,miruku,-,melk,leite,leche,maziwa,mjÃ¶lka
minute,minut,minuut,minuutti,minute,minute,-,minuto,seichi,-,minutt,minuto,minuto,dakika,minut
mirror,spejl,afspiegelen,peili,miroiter,spiegel,-,specchio,mira-,-,speil,espelho,espejo,kioo,spegel
miserable,dÃ¥rlig,jammerlijk,-,malchanceux,elend,-,afflitto,nasakenai,malus,dÃ¥rlig,miserÃ¡vel,desastrado,a huzuni,Ã¶mklig
mist,tÃ¥ge,damp,sumu,brouillard,nebel,-,nebbia,kiri,caligo,tÃ¥ke,neblina,niebla,-,imma
mistake,fejl,vergissing,virhe,trompons,verwechseln,salah,errore,gobyuu,error,feil,erro,equivocaciÃ³n,kosa,fel
mix,blande,temperen,sekoittaa,mÃªler,mischen,mencampuri,mischiare,gotta,-,blande,mistura,combinar,-,blanda
monday,mandag,maandag,maanantai,lundi,montag,senin,lunedÃ­,getsuyou,-,mandag,segunda-feira,lunes,jumatatu,mÃ¥ndag
money,penge,poen,raha,monnaie,geld,duit,denaro,kane,Ã¦s,penger,dinheiro,pecunia,fedha,pengar
monkey,abe,aap,apina,singe,affe {m},kera,scimmia,yamazaru,cercops,-,macaco,mono,tumbili,apa
month,mÃ¥ned,maand,kuukausi,mois,monat,-,mese,tsuki,mensis,mÃ¥ned,mÃªs,mes,mwezi,mÃ¥nad
moon,mÃ¥ne,maan,kuu,lune,mond,-,luna,getsuei,luna,mÃ¥ne,lua,luna,mwezi,mÃ¥ne
mother,mor,ouder,-,maternel,mutter,-,madre,hahaoya,mater,mor,mÃ£e,madre,mama,mamma
mountain,bjerg,berg,vuori,montagne,gebirge,gunung,montagna,yama,mons,fjell,serra,montaÃ±a,mlima,berg
mouse,mus,muis,hiiri,souris,maus,tikus,topo,nezumi,mus,mus,rato,raton,panya mdogo,rÃ¥tta
mouth,mund,bek,suu,bouche,mÃ¼ndung,mulut,boca,kuchisaki,bucca,munn,boca,boca,-,mynning
mud,dynd,slik,loka,boue,schlamm,lumpur,fango,deido,cÃ¦num,-,lama,mud,-,slam
mushroom,svamp,champignon,sieni,champignon de couche,champignon,-,fungo,masshuru-mu,boletus,sopp,cogumelo,seta,-,svamp
nail,negl,spijkeren,kynsi,clou,nagel,kuku,chiodo,kugi,clavus,negl,unha,uÃ±a,-,spika
name,navn,benaming,nimi,qualifier,name,-,reputazione,shougou,nomen,navn,nome,denominar,jina,banÃ¤mning
narrow,smal,smal,-,pressÃ©,schmal,sempit,venni,semai,angustus,trang,-,angosto,embamba,snÃ¤v
nasty,snavset,afschuwelijk,inhottava,vilain,garstig,jelek,spaventoso,tanrakuteki,malus,dÃ¥rlig,sujo,sucio,baya,otÃ¤ck
nation,folk,natie,kansa,peuple,volk,bangsa,nazione,tami,populus,-,naÃ§Ã£o,nacion,watu,nation
nature,natur,karakter,-,nature,natur,alam,indole,etai,animus,natur,natureza,naturaleza,-,natur
nearly,nÃ¦sten,schier,melkein,quasiment,beinahe,hampir,quasi,hakkubu,pÃ¦ne,nesten,quase,casi,-,nÃ¤ra
necessary,nÃ¸dvendig,nodig,vÃ¤lttÃ¤mÃ¤tÃ¶n,necessaire,wichtig,perlu,necessario,hisshino,-,-,necessÃ¡rio,necesario,lazima,nÃ¶dvÃ¤ndig
neck,hals,nek,kaula,cou,hals,leher,collo,eri,cervix,hals,garganta,cervical,-,nacke
need,behÃ¸ve,nodig hebben,tarvita,indigence,bedÃ¼rfnis,perlu,aver bisogno,iriyou,requirere,-,necessidade,necesitar,haja,behÃ¶va
needle,knappenÃ¥l,naald,neula,aiguille,nadel,jarum,ago,hari,-,knappenÃ¥l,alfinete,alfiler,sindano,nÃ¥l
never,aldrig,nimmer,ei koskaan,ne jamais,niemals,-,giammai,konrinzai,nunquam,aldri,nunca,jamas,-,aldrig
new,ny,nieuw,uusi,nouveau,neu,-,novizio,arata,novus,ny,novo,nuevo,pya,ny
newspaper,avis,blad,sanomalehti,journal,zeitung,-,gazzetta,shinbun,-,tidskrift,jornal,gaceta,gazeti,tidning
next,derpÃ¥,naast,sitten,puis,nÃ¤chstes,-,prossimo,tsugi,postea,bak,em seguida,prÃ³ximo,-,hÃ¤rnÃ¤st
nice,behagelig,genoeglijk,miellyttÃ¤vÃ¤,agrÃ©able,nett,-,simpatico,kekkou,bonus,god,agradÃ¡vel,agradable,zuri,god
night,nat,nacht,yÃ¶,nuit,nacht,-,notturno,yabun,nox,natt,noite,noche,usiku,natt
nine,ni,negen,yhdeksÃ¤n,neuf,neun,sembilan,nove,kokonotsu,novem,ni,nove,nueve,kenda,nio
nineteen,nitten,negentien,yhdeksÃ¤ntoista,dix neuf,neunzehn,-,diciannove,juukyuu,undeviginti,nitten,dezenove,diecinueve,kumi na kenda,nitton
no,-,neen,ei,non,nicht,tidak,no,nain,-,ikke,nÃ£o,no,la,nej
north,nord,noorden,pohjoinen,nord,norden,-,bÃ²rea,hoku,-,nord,norte,norte,kaskazini,norr
nose,nÃ¦se,neus,nenÃ¤,nez,nase,hidung,fiuto,hana,nasus,nese,nariz,nariz,-,nos
note,billet,plaatsbewijs,muistiinpano,nota,notiz {f},karcis,notazione,bunsho,-,billett,bilhete,billete,-,biljett
novel,ny,nieuw,uusi,roman,neuartig,-,romanzo,meatarashii,romanus,ny,novela,novela,pya,roman
november,november,november,marraskuu,novembre,november,nopember,novembre,juuichigatsu,-,november,novembro,noviembre,novemba,november
now,nu,enfin,no,maintenant,nun,-,attualmente,mohaya,nunc,nÃ¥,pois,actualmente,sasa,nu
number,antal,aantal,numero,numÃ©ral,numerieren,-,novero,nanba-,-,nummer,nÃºmero,nÃºmero,hesabu,nummer
nurse,sygeplejerske,verzorgen,hoitaa,infirmiÃ¨re,pflegen,jururawat,allattamento,togi,-,sykepleierske,enfermeira,enfermera,mlezi,skÃ¶ta
oats,havre,haver,kaura,avoine,hafer,-,avena,enbaku,avena,havre,aveia,avena,-,havre
object,ting,mikpunt,esine,objet,gegenstand,benda,traguardo,mono,-,ting,objecto,meta,kitu,objekt
october,oktober,wijnmaand,lokakuu,octobre,oktober,oktober,ottobre,juugatsu,-,oktober,outubro,octubre,oktoba,oktober
office,kontor,kantoor,virka,charge,bÃ¼ro,-,ufficio,ninmu,-,kontor,escritÃ³rio,alcaldia,afisi,byrÃ¥
offset,afstand,afstand,etÃ¤isyys,bifurquer,abzweigen,-,compromesso,ofusetto,-,avstand,distÃ¢ncia,bifurcarse,mwendo,telning
often,ofte,menigmaal,usein,souvent,oft,-,spesso,ouou,sÃ¦pe,-,frequentemente,a menudo,mara nyingi,ofta
oil,olie,olie,Ã¶ljy,huile,Ã¶l,minyak,oleato,sekiyu,-,olje,Ã³leo,aceite,mafuta,smÃ¶rja
one,et,men,yksi,une,eins,satu,uno,ichi,unus,en,um,uno,moja,man
onion,lÃ¸g,ajuin,sipuli,oignon,zwiebel,bawang,cipolla,onion,cÃ¦pa,lÃ¸k,cebola,cebolla,kitunguu,lÃ¶k
only,alene,pas,yksin,seul,einzig,sendiri,singolo,bakari,solum,alene,somente,singular,tu,blott
outside,ydre,buiten,ulkopuolella,dehors,auÃŸerhalb,-,al di fuori,uwabe,extra,utenfor,fora,afuera,nje,yttersida
pail,spand,emmer,Ã¤mpÃ¤ri,seau,eimer,ember,secchio,baketsu,situla,-,balde,cubo,-,hink
palace,-,paleis,-,palais,palast,mahligai,palazzo,kyuuden,aula,slott,palÃ¡cio,palacio,jumba,slott
pale,bleg,verbleekt,kalpea,pÃ¢le,blaÃŸ,pucat,pallido,aoi,-,blek,pÃ¡lido,pÃ¡lido,-,blek
pants,bukser,lange broek,housut,pantalon,hose,celana,mutande,-,bracÃ¦,benklÃ¦r,calÃ§as,pantalÃ³n,-,kalsonger
paper,papir,bescheid,paperi,document,schriftstÃ¼ck,-,documento,kami,biblus,papir,papel,ponencia,karatasi,papper
parsley,persille,peterselie,persilja,persil,petersilie,-,prezzemolo,paseri,petroselinum,persille,salsa,perejil,-,persilja
part,rolle,deel,osa,contingent,teil,-,sezione,ichibu,pars,del,parte,parte,kipande,skilja
path,sti,pad,polku,sentier,zweig,-,viale,keiro,-,sti,caminho,sendero,njia,vÃ¤g
paw,pote,poot,jalka,patte,pfote,-,zampa,-,pes,ben,pÃ©,pata,mguu,tass
pay,betale,storten,maksaa,payent,bezahle,bayar ... membayar,stipendio,kouchin,-,betale,pagamento,pagar,-,betala
peace,fred,vrede,rauha,paix,stÃ¼ck,damai,pesca,kyuui,pax,fred,paz,paz,-,frid
pencil,blyant,potlood,lyijykynÃ¤,crayon,bleistift,-,lapis,enpitsu,-,blyant,lÃ¡pis,lÃ¡piz,kalamu,pensel
people,folk,lieden,kansa,peuple,volk,-,volgo,minshuu,populus,folk,povo,gente,watu,man
pepper,peber,peperen,pippuri,poivre,pfeffer,merica,pepe,peppa-,-,pepper,pimenta,pimienta,-,peppar
perform,gÃ¸re,opdraven,tulla nÃ¤kyviin,construire,funktionieren,masuk,spingere,-,apparere,gjÃ¸re,aparecer,exportar,-,uppfylla
perhaps,mÃ¥ske,mogelijkerwijs,-,peut-Ãªtre,etwa,boleh jadi,forse,moshikasuruto,fortasse,kanskje,acaso,quizÃ¡,labda,kanske
peril,fare,onraad,vaara,danger,risiko,bahaya,pericolo,kichi,periculum,fare,perigo,peligro,hatari,vÃ¥da
picture,figur,beeld,kuva,figure,abbildung,lukisan,dipinto,jinbutsuzou,-,bilde,retrato,grabado,-,portrÃ¤tt
piece,del,fragment,pala,fragment,bruchstÃ¼ck,-,porzione,pi-su,pars,del,parte,parte,sehemu,stycke
pig,svin,zwijn,sika,cochon,schwein,babi,maiale,buta,porcus,svin,porco,chancho,nguruwe,gris
pigeon,due,duif,kyyhkynen,sourde,taube,-,colomba,hato,columba,due,pombo,paloma,-,duva
pipe,rÃ¸r,pijp,piippu,pipe,rÃ¶hre,pipa,fischietto,kuda,-,rÃ¸r,cachimbo,pipa,kiko,avloppsrÃ¶r
place,plads,plaats,panna,astro,platz,-,mettere,ichi,-,plass,meter,sentar,mahali,plats
plain,tydelig,vlakte,selvÃ¤,unie,ebene,nyata,pianura,taira,campus,klar,planÃ­cie,llanura,-,simpel
plan,plan,strekking,suunnitella,planifier,plan,maksud,progetto,tsumori,-,bykart,planta,propÃ³sito,shauri,plan
plane,hÃ¸vl,vliegtuig,lentokone,projet,hobel,pesawat terbang,aeroplano,rajikon,-,fly,plano,aviÃ³n,shauri,plan
please,behage,alsjeblieft,miellyttÃ¤Ã¤,plaisent,bitte,-,favore,nanitozo,delectare,vÃ¦r sÃ¥ god,por favor,por favor,tafadhali,behaga
pocket,lomme,zak,tasku,empochez,fach,saku,tasca,pojetto,-,lomme,algibeira,casilla,-,ficka
pole,polak,pool,puolalainen,pÃ´le,pfahl,-,polacco,bou,-,stang,pÃ³lo,bache,mti,pÃ¥le
poor,dÃ¥rlig,erbarmelijk,kurja,pauvre,arm,-,umile,hosoboso,malus,stakkars,mau,pobre,hafifu,torftig
pork,svinekÃ¸d,varkensvlees,sianliha,porc,schweinefleisch,daging babi,-,butaniku,porcina,svinekjÃ¸tt,carne de porco,carne de cerdo,-,griskÃ¶tt
port,havn,haven,satama,connexion,port,-,porto,kaikou,portus,havn,porto,puerto,-,hamn
possibly,mÃ¥ske,misschien,-,peut-Ãªtre,mÃ¶glicherweise,mungkin,forse,hyotto,fortasse,kanskje,acaso,quizÃ¡s,labda,mÃ¶jligen
post,embede,aanplakken,virka,fonction,post,-,palo,hari,-,post,borne,empleo,mti,stolpe
potato,kartoffel,pieper,peruna,pomme-de-terre,kartoffel,kentang,patata,poteto,-,potet,batata,patata,kiazi,potatis
present,nÃ¦rvÃ¦rende,tegenwoordig,esittÃ¤Ã¤,prÃ©senter,prÃ¤sent,pemberian,presenza,okurimono,-,presang,apresentar,regalo,-,presens
price,pris,prijs,hinta,tarifaire,bereits,-,tariffa,neuchi,pretium,pris,preÃ§o,precio,-,pris
profit,profitere,verdienste,hyÃ¶tyÃ¤,bÃ©nÃ©ficient,nutzen,-,guadagno,rijun,-,gagn,lucro,ganancia,faida,fÃ¶rtjÃ¤nst
property,bondegÃ¥rd,landgoed,laatu,bien,eigentum,-,possesso,zaisan,villa,gÃ¥rd,fazenda,tenencia,-,gods
punish,straffe,bestraffen,rangaista,punissent,bestrafe,menghukum,castigare,batsu,punire,-,puna,penar,-,straffa
pure,ren,zindelijk,puhdas,pur,rein,bersih,pulito,junsei,purus,ren,puro,puro,safi,ren
purpose,hensigt,doelwit,pÃ¤Ã¤mÃ¤Ã¤rÃ¤,dgssein,absicht,maksud,scopo,mokuteki,-,mÃ¥l,alvo,finalidad,-,avsikt
quick,hurtig,snel,nopea,nerveux,schnellsortieren,jepat,agile,hakabakashii,-,-,rapidamente,presto,epesi,kvick
rabbit,kanin,konijn,kani,lapin,kaninchen,-,lepre,usagi,cuniculus,kanin,coelho,conejo,kisungura,kanin
rain,regn,regenen,sade,pleuvoir,regnen,hujan,pioggia,ame,pluere,regn,chover,lluvia,mvua,regn
rank,-,graad,rivi,rangÃ©e,stufe,baris,gradino,joretsu,vicis,-,fila,rango,cheo,rang
rapid,hurtig,gezwind,nopea,torrentueux,schnell,lekas,rapido,hakabakashii,-,hurtig,rÃ¡pido,rÃ¡pido,epesi,snabb
rat,rotte,rot,rotta,rat,ratte,-,ratto,nezumi,-,rotte,rato,rata,panya,rÃ¥tta
rate,vurdere,proportie,arvioida,taxer,bewerten,derajat,ritmo,bu,appretiare,-,orÃ§ar,cadencia,cheo,taxera
rather,nok,een klein beetje,han,certes,eher,agak,preferire,isso,-,-,bastante,propiamente,katikati,hellre
ready,fÃ¦rdig,klaar,valmis,prÃªt,fertig,siap,essere disposto,dekiagari,-,-,pronto,preparado,tayari,fÃ¤rdig
reason,fornuft,reden,jÃ¤rki,raison,verstand,sebab,ragione,gen'yuu,-,-,razÃ£o,cordura,sababu,fÃ¶rnuft
receive,modtage,aanvaarden,saada,phagocyter,retten,menerima,fagocitare,reshi-bu,accipere,godta,receba,recibir,pokea,erhÃ¥lla
red,rÃ¸d,rood,punainen,rouge,rot,-,vermiglio,niiro,russus,rÃ¸d,vermelho,tinto,ekundu,rÃ¶d
register,anbefale,aangeven,suositella,recommander,registrieren,anjur ... menganjurkan,registrare,rejisuta-,-,innskrive,registar,expedir,-,inregistrera
repeat,gentage,herhalen,toistaa,rÃ©pÃ©tez,wiederholung,mengulangi,ripetere,ripi-to,-,gjenta,repetir,repetir,-,repetera
reply,svar,antwoorden,vastata,rÃ©pondre,antwort,-,risposta,touben,responsum,svare,responder,contestacion,jibu,svar
rest,rest,rest,levÃ¤tÃ¤,reposent,stÃ¼tze,aso ... mengaso,giacere,amari,requiescere,hvile,descanso,descansar,-,ro
rice,ris,rijst,riisi,riz,reis,beras,riso,raisu,oryza,ris,arroz,arroz,mpunga,ris
right,ret,rechter-,oikeanpuolinen,droit,rechts,betul,esatto,zen,dexter,riktig,direita,recto,a kuume,riklig
ring,ringe,wal,rengas,cerne,klang,-,circolo,enjin,anulus,ring,anel,anillo,-,ring
river,flod,rivier,joki,fleuve,fluÃŸ,-,fiume,ookawa,flumen,elv,rio,flujo,mto,Ã¥
road,vej,weg,tie,chemin,landstraÃŸe,-,contrada,ro-do,via,vei,estrada,rua,barbara,vÃ¤g
rock,klippe,balanceren,tuutia,bercer,fels,-,dondolare,yurasu,petra,stein,rocha,pe a,-,vagga
roof,tag,kap,katto,toit,dach,atap,tetto,yane,-,tak,telhado,techado,-,tak
room,rum,bestek,huone,chambre,gelaÃŸ,kamar,camera,yutori,-,vÃ¦relse,quarto,habitaciÃ³n,chumba,rum
root,rod,aanslaan,-,enraciner,wurzel,akar,radice,tsukene,radix,rot,raiz,raiz,mzizi,rot
rope,reb,lijntje,kÃ¶ysi,funiculaire,seil,tali,gÃ²mena,sakujou,ceruchus,tau,corda,cuerda,uzi,lina
round,om,ronde,ympÃ¤rillÃ¤,cyclo,runde,-,rotondo,marui,circa,reip,redondo,rotundo,-,om
route,vej,reisplan,tie,parcours,senden,-,direzione,toorimichi,via,vei,estrada,trayecto,njia,-
row,ro,roeien,rivi,tintamarre,rudern,baris,canottaggio,ikkou,vicis,-,fila,ringla,-,rad
run,flugt,aanrijden,toimia,courent,programmstart,-,esercitare,ran,currere,lÃ¸pe,funcionamento,transcurso,-,lÃ¶pning
sack,afskedige,ontzetten,sÃ¤kki,ficher,plÃ¼ndern,sak,licenziare,hyou,coleus,sekk,-,bolso,mfuko,pÃ¥se
safety,sikkerhed,veiligheid,-,sÃ©curitÃ©,sicherheit,keamanan,sicurezza,anpi,salus,sikkerhet,seguranÃ§a,seguridad,-,sÃ¤kerhet
salary,gage,loon,palkka,appointements,gehalt,salaris,stipendio,sarari-,Ã¦s,-,salÃ¡rio,sueldo,mshahara,lÃ¶n
salt,salt,zouten,suola,sel,salz,garam,sale,shio,-,salt,sal,-,chumvi,salt
sand,sand,zand,hiekka,sableuxse,sand,pasir,sabbia,sabure,arena,sand,areia,-,-,sand
school,skole,leerschool,koulu,Ã©cole,schule,-,scuola,bunka,-,skole,escola,escuela,shule,skola
scream,skrige,gil,huutaa,jacasser,schreien,-,gridare,sakebigoe,boare,skrike,grito,clamar,-,skrika
sea,hav,zee,meri,mer,meer,-,navale,watatsumi,Ã¦quor,hav,mar,mar,bahari,hav
second,anden,tweede,sekunti,second,zweiten,-,secondo,niban,secundus,andre,em segundo,segundo,a pili,sekund
security,sikkerhed,pand,-,sÃ»retÃ©,sicherheit,keamanan,sicurezza,hoshou,salus,sikkerhet,seguranÃ§a,seguridad,-,hypotek
see,trÃ¦ffe,ontmoeten,huolehtia,voyez,sehen,kunjungi,vedere,-,videre,se,ver,visitar,-,inse
send,sende,doen toekomen,lÃ¤hettÃ¤Ã¤,envoyons,abschicken,kirim,mando,sendo,mittere,sende,enviar,envie,-,skicka
sentence,sÃ¦tning,frase,lause,condamner,empfindungsvermÃ¶gen,kalimat,punizione,kei,condemnare,-,sentenÃ§a,punicion,-,sats
separate,sÃ¦rskilt,afgezonderd,eri,particulier,scheiden,khusus,separato,katsu,abiungere,-,separado,arredrar,-,Ã¥tskild
september,september,september,syyskuu,septembre,september,september,settembre,kugatsu,-,september,setembro,septiembre,septemba,september
serious,vigtig,belangrijk,tÃ¤rkeÃ¤,grave,ernst,penting,pesante,omoomoshii,-,-,sÃ©rio,grave,kubwa,rejÃ¤l
serpent,slange,slang,-,serpent,schlange,-,serpente,hebi,anguis,orm,serpente,serpiente,nyoka,orm
servant,knÃ¦gt,dienstmeisje,-,serviteur,diener,babu,domÃ¨stica,kerai,anculus,hushjelp,criada,criada,mtumishi,tjÃ¤nare
seven,syv,zeven,seitsemÃ¤n,sept,sieben,tujuh,sette,sebun,septem,sju,sete,siete,saba,sju
seventeen,sytten,zeventien,seitsemÃ¤ntoista,dix-sept,siebzehn,-,diciassette,juunana,septendecim,sytten,dezessete,diecisiete,kumi na saba,sjuttonde
seventy,halvfjers,zeventig,seitsemÃ¤nkymmentÃ¤,septante,siebzig,-,settanta,shichijuu,septuaginta,sytti,setenta,setenta,sabini,sjutio
sex,kÃ¸n,sexe,sukupuoli,sexe,geschlecht,-,sesso,sei,sexus,kjÃ¸nn,sexo,sexo,-,kÃ¶n
shack,lade,schuur,mÃ¶kki,hutte,hÃ¼tte,-,capanna,karigoya,casa,hytte,cabana,choza,kibanda,-
shadow,skygge,schaduwen,varjo,ombre,schatten,-,ombrositÃ ,kumori,umbra,skygge,sombra,sombra,-,skugga
share,aktie,actie,jakaa,partageons,anteil,bagian,partecipazione,shea,pars,del,dividir,raciÃ³n,sehemu,lott
sharp,skarp,bijtend,terÃ¤vÃ¤,acÃ©rÃ©,schaftem,-,nitido,surudoi,acutus,-,afiado,aprisa,kali,skÃ¤rva
sheep,fÃ¥r,schaap,pÃ¤ssi,gobeur,schafe,domba,pecora,muton,ovis,fÃ¥r,ovelha,oveja,kondoo,fÃ¥r
sheet,blad,blad,lehti,feuille,bettuch,-,lenzuolo,shikifu,folium,laken,folha,sÃ¡bana,jani,lakan
shop,butik,winkel,myymÃ¤lÃ¤,magasin,laden,toko,impresa,shouho,-,forretning,loja,tienda,duka,bod
shore,bred,kust,ranta,riverain,kÃ¼ste,-,sponda,rikujou,acta,-,margem,orilla,pwani,strand
short,kort,kort,-,court,kurz,pendek,breve,chikai,brevis,kort,curto,corto,fupi,kortvarig
shoulder,skulder,schouder,hartia,Ã©paule,schulter,bahu,spalla,kata,-,skulder,ombro,hombro,-,axel
sign,underskrive,voorbode,merkki,signent,vorzeichen,tanda,affisso,aizu,-,skilt,sinal,signo,-,vink
silver,sÃ¸lv,zilveren,hopea,argent,silber,-,argÃ¨nteo,shippou,argentum,sÃ¸lv,prata,plata,fedha,silver
since,til,sinds,koska,car,seit,-,da,irai,ab,fordi,desde,desde,kwa sababu,eftersom
sing,synge,zingen,laulaa,chanter,singen,nyanyi,cantare,saezuru,canere,synge,cante,cantar,-,sjunga
sister,sÃ¸ster,zuster,-,soeur,schwester,-,sorella,shisuta-,soror,sÃ¸ster,irmÃ£,hermana,dada,syster
six,seks,zes,kuusi,zÃ©ro,sechs,enam,sei,muttsu,sex,seks,seis,seis,sita,sex
sixteen,sejsten,zestien,kuusitoista,seize,sechzehn,-,sedici,juuroku,sedecim,seksten,dazasseis,diecisÃ©is,kumi na sita,sexton
sixth,sjette,zesde,kuudes,sixiÃ¨me,sechste,-,sesto,-,sextus,sjette,sexto,sexto,a sita,sjÃ¤tte
sixty,tres,zestig,kuusikymmentÃ¤,soixante,sechzig,-,sessanta,-,sexaginta,seksti,sessenta,sesenta,sitini,sextio
skin,skind,dierevel,iho,peau,haut,kulit,epidÃ¨rmide,sukin,cutis,hud,pele,piel,-,skinn
sleep,sÃ¸vn,slapen,-,pioncer,schlaf,-,dormire,nemuri,somnus,sove,dormir,dormitar,usingizi,sova
slender,slank,sprietig,-,fluet,schmÃ¤chtig,tipis,esile,surenda-,-,tynn,delgado,esbelto,embamba,smÃ¤rt
slow,langsom,langzaam,-,dÃ©cÃ©lÃ©rent,langsam,lambat,fiacco,fukappatsu,tardus,langsom,lento,lento,-,sakta
small,lille,min,-,petit,gering,kecil,piccolo,komakai,-,liten,pequeno,parvulo,dogo,lilla
smell,lugte,stinken,haistaa,sentir,riechen,-,profumo,nioi,odor,lukte,cheiro,apestar,-,os
smoke,rÃ¸g,smoken,savuta,fumons,rauch,asap,fumo,kemuri,-,rÃ¸yk,fumo,fumar,moshi,ryka
smooth,flad,gelijk,sileÃ¤,plat,glÃ¤tten,-,levigare,sumu-su,-,flat,liso,suave,laini,slÃ¤t
snake,slange,slang,-,guivre,schlange,-,serpente,sune-ku,hydrus,orm,serpente,sierpe,nyoka,orm
snow,sne,sneeuwen,lumi,neigeux,schneien,-,nevicare,yuki,nix,sne,neve,nevar,-,snÃ¶a
so,altsÃ¥,ergo,siis,tellement,so,begitu,orbene,dakara,itaque,-,tÃ£o,asÃ­,-,sÃ¥
soap,sÃ¦be,zeep,saippua,savon,seife,sabun,sapone,shabon,sapo,sÃ¥pe,sabÃ£o,jabon,sabuni,tvÃ¥l
soft,sÃ¸d,zoet,makea,moelleux,weich,halus,placido,ubuge,lenis,blÃ¸t,macio,tierno,laini,mjuk
soldier,soldat,soldaat,-,soldat,soldat,-,soldato,senshi,miles,soldat,soldado,soldado,askari,soldat
sole,fodsÃ¥l,enkel,yksin,seul,einzig,sendiri,solo,teitetsu,solus,tunge,planta,solo,-,sjÃ¶tunga
some,lidt,een beetje,muutama,un peu,einige,agak,qualche,jakkan,aliquis,-,alguns,algunos,-,nÃ¥gon
son,sÃ¸n,zoon,poika,fils,sohn,-,figlio,sochi,puer,sÃ¸nn,filho,hijo,mwana,-
source,kilde,bron,kaivo,source,quell,mata-air,sorgente,dedoko,-,kilde,fonte,venera,-,ursprung
south,syd,zuidelijk,etelÃ¤,midi,sÃ¼den,selatan,ostro,roppou,antarcticus,syd,sul,sur,kusini,sÃ¶der
speedy,hurtig,spoedig,nopea,rapide,schnell,jepat,-,supi-di,-,hurtig,rÃ¡pido,rÃ¡pido,epesi,snabb
spoon,ske,pollepel,lusikka,cuiller,lÃ¶ffel,sendok,cucchiaio,saji,cochleare,skje,colher,cuchara,kijiko,sked
spring,springe,opborrelen,kevÃ¤t,ressort,feder,melompat,piuma,shunkashuutou,ver,kilde,nascente,saltar,-,sprÃ¥ng
square,plads,vierkant,neliÃ¶,carrÃ©,quadrat,-,quadrangolo,houkei,-,plass,adro,escuadra,mahali,torg
stand,stÃ¥,huisje,seisoa,kiosque,andauern,bangkit,stare,kadai,stare,stÃ¥,celeiro,posiciÃ³n,-,tÃ¥la
star,stjerne,ster,tÃ¤hti,Ã©toile,stern,-,stella,kyohaku,sidus,stjerne,estrela,estrella,-,stjÃ¤rna
statue,-,beeld,patsas,statue,standbild,arca,statua,zou,statua,statue,estÃ¡tua,estatua,-,staty
steal,stjÃ¦le,sluipen,varastaa,volons,stehlen,curi,sotrarre,tsu,clepsere,stjele,roube,hurtar,-,stjÃ¤la
steel,stÃ¥l,staal,terÃ¤s,acier,stahl,-,acciao,hagane,adamas,stÃ¥l,aÃ§o,acero,-,stÃ¥l
stomach,mave,maag,-,estomac,magen,perut,ventricolo,ibukuro,stomachus,mave,estÃ´mago,estomago,tumbo,mage
stone,sten,klei-,kivi,pierre,stein,batu,sasso,ishi,-,stein,pedra,piedra,jiwe,sten
store,butik,winkel,myymÃ¤lÃ¤,entreposez,aufbewahren,toko,immagazzinare,chikuseki,-,butikk,loja,almacenar,duka,varuhus
story,etage,etage,kerros,fabliau,geschichte,sejarah,farsa,iwaku,-,etasje,histÃ³ria,conseja,-,historia
strange,fremmed,buitenlands,vieras,Ã©trange,fremd,asing,strano,henteko,advena,fremmed,estranho,raro,a kigeni,frÃ¤mmande
stream,strÃ¸m,loop,joki,courant,bach {m},-,corrente,kasui,-,Ã¥,cÃ³rrego,arroyo,kijito,rinna
string,snor,koorde,jÃ¤nne,corde,zeichenfolge,tampar,spago,suji,ceruchus,reip,corda,cordon,uzi,strÃ¤ng
stroll,spadseretur,wandeling,olla kÃ¤velyllÃ¤,promenade,schlendern,-,passeggiare,sanpo,ambulare,spasere,dÃª uma volta,gandulear,-,strÃ¶va
strong,stÃ¦rk,krachtig,voimakas,salement,kampfstark,kuat,poderoso,ganjou,valens,sterk,forte,fuerte,imara,stark
sugar,sukker,suiker,sokeri,sucre,zucker,gula,zucchero,shuga-,-,sukker,aÃ§Ãºcar,azucar,sukari,socker
sum,belÃ¸b,somma,summa,somme,summe,jumlah,-,samu,summa,belÃ¸p,soma,importe,-,tal
summer,sommer,zomer,kesÃ¤,Ã©tÃ©,sommer,-,estate,kyuuka,Ã¦stas,sommer,verÃ£o,verano,-,sommar
sun,sol,zonneschijn,aurinko,soleil,son,matahari,sole,hi,stella,sol,sol,sol,jua,sol
sunday,sÃ¸ndag,zondag,sunnuntai,dimanche,sonntag,ahad,domÃ©nica,dontaku,-,sÃ¸ndag,domingo,domingo,jumapili,sÃ¶ndag
sweet,sÃ¸d,zoet,makea,doux,sÃ¼ÃŸ,manis,caramella,amai,suavis,sÃ¸t,doce,dulce,tamu,efterrÃ¤tt
swift,hurtig,haastig,nopea,rapide,schnell,lekas,-,hayai,-,hurtig,rÃ¡pido,rÃ¡pido,epesi,kvick
swim,svÃ¸mme,zwemmen,uida,nager,schwimmen,berenang,nuotare,-,natare,svÃ¸mme,nadar,ba ar,-,simma
table,bord,tabel,taulukko,tableau,tabelle,-,elenco,teiburu,-,bord,tabela,meseta,meza,tavla
tail,hale,schaduwen,hÃ¤ntÃ¤,-,ende,-,coda,bibu,penis,hale,cauda,rabo,mkia,stjÃ¤rt
take,modtage,accepteren,ottaa,admettre,nehmen,terima,acchiappare,teiku,capere,besette,aceitar,tardar,pokea,taga
take in,modtage,-,ottaa vastaan,agrÃ©er,hereinlegen,menerima,accogliere,hannyuu,accipere,godta,aceitar,aceptar,pokea,hysa
tall,hÃ¸j,verheven,korkea,haut,groÃŸ,tinggi,grande,takai,altus,hÃ¸y,alto,gran,-,storvÃ¤xt
taste,smag,smaken,maku,dÃ©guster,kosten,-,costare,konomi,gustus,smak,gosto,gusto,-,smak
tax,skat,belasten,-,impot,abgabe {f},pajak,tassa,takkusu,vectigal,skatt,imposto,acensuar,-,skatt
tea,te,thee,tee,thÃ©,tee,teh,tÃ¨,ti,-,te,chÃ¡,te,chai,te
tear,tÃ¥re,vaneenscheuren,repiÃ¤,dÃ©chirer,zerren,air-mata,crepatura,yabureme,lacrima,-,lÃ¡grima,rajar,-,slita
ten,ti,tien,kymmenen,dix,zehn,sepuluh,dieci,ten,decem,ti,dez,diez,kumi,tio
tender,sÃ¸d,gunning,makea,doux,angebot,manis,dolce,yawaraka,dulcis,sÃ¸t,encarregado,subasta,tamu,Ã¶m
test,forsÃ¸ge,examen,koettaa,essayer,test,coba ... mencoba,prova,kousa,-,prÃ¸ve,provar,carnet,-,prov
there,derhen,ginds,siellÃ¤,lÃ ,dort,-,lÃ ,asoko,ibi,der,acolÃ¡,allÃ¡,mle,dit
therefore,altsÃ¥,ergo,siis,donc,deshalb,-,quindi,yotte,-,derfor,conseqÃ¼entemente,consiguientepor,kwa hiyo,dÃ¤rfÃ¶r
they,de,hen,he,on,sie [pl],-,essi,senpou,-,de,eles,ellas,wao,man
thick,tyk,dik,tiheÃ¤,dense,dicht,-,grosso,chuumitsu,-,tykk,gordo,grueso,nono,tjock
thigh,lÃ¥r,bovenbeen,reisi,cuisse,schenkels,-,femorale,mata,bracchium,lÃ¥r,coxa,muslo,-,lÃ¥rben
thing,ting,ding,esine,truc,ding,benda,materia,kotogara,-,ting,objecto,objecto,kitu,ting
think,synes om,geloven,arvella,mÃ©ditation,denken,fikir,pensare,-,cogitare,tenke,pense,razonar,-,tro
third,tredje,derde,kolmas,tierce,dritter,-,terza,sanban,tertius,tredje,terceiro,tercero,a tatu,tredje
thirteen,tretten,dertien,kolmastoista,treize,dreizehn,-,tredici,juusan,tredecim,tretten,treze,trece,kumi na -tatu,tretton
thirty,tredive,dertig,kolmekymmentÃ¤,trente,dreiÃŸig,-,trenta,sa-ti-,triginta,tredve,trinta,treinta,thelathini,trettio
thorn,torn,doorn,piikki,Ã©pine,dorns,duri,spina,toge,spina,-,espinho,espina,mwiba,tagg
thousand,tusinde,duizend,tuhat,-,tausend,-,mille,chi,mille,tusen,mil,mil,elfu,tusen
thread,trÃ¥d,draad,lanka,enfiler,faden,benang,filamento,asaito,acia,trÃ¥d,linha,hilo,-,trÃ¥d
three,tre,drie,kolme,trois,drei,tiga,tre,san,tres,tre,trÃªs,tres,tatu,tre
through,igennem,door,valmis,prÃªt,hindurch,siap,per mezzo di ciÃ²,tsuujite,-,-,pronto,a travÃ©s de ello,tayari,genom
throw,kaste,keilen,heittÃ¤Ã¤,jetent,hebel umlegen,lempar ... melempar,tiro,suro-,-,kaste,lanÃ§ar,tirada,-,slÃ¤nga
thursday,torsdag,donderdag,torstai,jeudi,donnerstag,kamis,giovedÃ­,mokuyoubi,-,torsdag,quinta-feira,jueves,alhamisi,torsdag
ticket,billet,biljet,lippu,billet,fahrschein,karcis,sorte,chiketto,-,billett,passagem,billete,-,biljett
tie,slips,stropdas,sitoa,cravate,verbinden,ikat,legamento,tai,-,slips,ligar,corbata,-,binda
timber,trÃ¦,hout,puu,-,balken,kayu,legno,mokuzai,lignum,ved,madeira,leÃ±o,mti,timmer
time,tid,maal,aika,fois,zeitlich,jam,tempo,jikoku,tempus,tid,tempo,vez,wakati,tidpunkt
tin,tin,blikken,pelti,fer-blanc,konservenbÃ¼chse,-,latta,suzu,stannum,blikk,estanho,estaÃ±o,-,bleckburk
to,til,tegen,varten,Ã ,zu,-,a tavola,dzuki,ad,-,a,a,ili,att
tobacco,-,tabak,tupakka,tabac,tabak,tembakau,tabacco,tabako,-,tobakk,tabaco,tabaco,tumbako,tobak
today,i dag,heden,tÃ¤nÃ¤Ã¤n,aujourd'hui,heute,-,oggi,honjitsu,hodie,i dag,hoje,hoy,leo,-
tongue,tunge,tong,kieli,langage,zunge,lidah,idioma,shita,lingua,sprÃ¥k,lingua,lengua,lugha,tunga
too,for,evenzeer,myÃ¶s,trop,Ã¼berdies,-,anche,nimo,-,ogsÃ¥,tambÃ©n,demasiado,mno,tillika
tooth,tand,tand,hammas,dent,zahn,-,dente,ha,dens,tann,dente,diente,jino,tand
town,by,stad,kaupunki,urbain,stadt,-,cittÃ ,toshi,oppidum,by,vila,ciudad,mji,stad
train,tog,gevolg,juna,escort,zug,kereta-api,ammaestrare,tore-n,-,tog,comboio,adiestrar,-,exercera
travel,rejse,gaan,matkustaa,voyagez,reisen,bepergian,andara,ryokou,-,kjÃ¸re,curso,viajar,-,resa
tree,trÃ¦,boom,puu,arbre,baum,pohon,albero,ki,arbor,tre,Ã¡rvore,arbol,mti,trÃ¤d
trip,rejse,tocht,matka,voyage,abstecher,perjalanan,escursione,ensoku,-,reise,desengate,excursion,mwendo,tur
trouble,problem,bezwaar,vaivata,gÃ©nons,mÃ¼he,-,fastidio,yuuku,problema,vanskelighet,problema,prueba,-,oroa
trousers,bukser,pantalon,housut,pantalon,hose,celana,pantaloni,zubon,bracÃ¦,benklÃ¦r,calÃ§as,pantalÃ³n,-,lÃ¥ngbyxor
true,Ã¦gte,juist,tosi,vrai,richtig,-,vero,shinsei,verus,sann,verdadeiro,verdadero,-,trogen
trunk,stamme,boomstam,matkalaukku,torse,amt {n},-,tronco,toranku,proboscis,kuffert,tronco,maleta,-,snabel
truth,sandhed,waarheid,totuus,veritÃ©,wahrheit,-,veritÃ ,shin,veritas,sannhet,verdade,veras,-,sanning
try,forsÃ¸ge,streven,koettaa,peiner,prÃ¼fen,coba ... mencoba,esperimentare,torai,-,forsÃ¸ke,provar,intentar,-,fÃ¶rsÃ¶ka
tuesday,tirsdag,dinsdag,tiistai,mardi,dienstag,selasa,martedÃ¬,kayoubi,-,tirsdag,terÃ§a-feira,martes,jumanne,tisdag
turn,vending,anders maken,kÃ¤Ã¤ntÃ¤Ã¤,dÃ©vier,drehen,baris,fila,magarime,vertere,kantre,fila,girar,-,svarva
twelve,tolv,twaalf,kaksitoista,douze,zwÃ¶lf,-,dodici,juuni,duodecim,tolv,doze,doce,kumi na mbili,-
twenty,tyve,twintig,kaksikymmentÃ¤,vingt,zwanzig,-,venti,nijuu,viginti,tyve,vinte,veinte,ishirini,tjugo
two,to,twee,kaksi,deux,zwei,dua,due,ni,duo,to,duas,dos,mbili,tvÃ¥
umbrella,paraply,paraplu,-,parapluie,rekenschirm,payung,parapioggia,koumorigasa,-,paraply,guarda-chuva,paraguas,mwavuli,paraply
uncle,onkel,oom,setÃ¤,oncle,onkel,-,zio,hakufu,patruus,onkel,tio,tio,baba mdogo,morbror
under,under,beneden,alla,lÃ  dessous,unter,-,lÃ  sotto,shita,sub,under,sob,so,chini ya,under
upstairs,oven,boven,ylhÃ¤Ã¤llÃ¤,dessus,nach oben,-,in alto,nikai,-,oppe,acima,arriba,juu,uppe
us,os,aan ons,me,nous,uns,kami,noi,touhou,-,-,nÃ³s,nosotras,sisi,oss
use,tilbringe,aanwending,kÃ¤yttÃ¤Ã¤,employer,benutzung,menggunakan,uso,tsukairyou,usio,-,usar,uso,-,trafikera
valley,dal,vallei,laakso,vallÃ©e,tal,lembah,valle,ya,vallis,dal,vale,val,-,dalgÃ¥ng
valuable,kÃ¦r,kostbaar,kallis,cher,wertvoll,mahal,pregiato,tattoi,carus,kostbar,caro,caro,ghali,vÃ¤rdefull
vegetable,grÃ¸nsager,groente,vihannes,lÃ©gume,gemÃ¼se,-,pianta,bejitaburu,olus,grÃ¸nsak,legume,verduras,mboga,vegetabilisk
very,meget,erg,sangen,trÃ¨s,sehr,-,-,meppou,admodum,meget,muito,muy,mno,ganska
vessel,skib,pot,astia,navire,gefÃ¤ÃŸ,-,recipiente,utsuwa,abies,-,embarcaÃ§Ã£o,buque,chombo,fartyg
view,syn,uitzicht,katsella,grÃ©,betrachtung {f},-,parere,shoken,spectare,utsikt,vista,concepto,-,syn
village,landsby,plaats,kylÃ¤,village,dorf,kampung,villaggio,sato,-,bygd,aldeia,aldea,kijiji,by
visit,besÃ¸ge,bezoeken,kÃ¤ydÃ¤ vieraissa,visitons,besuch,mengunjungi,ispezionare,raiyuu,-,visitt,visita,rese ar,-,hÃ¤lsa pÃ¥
void,tom,loos,tyhjÃ¤,vide,ungÃ¼ltig,leher,vuotaggine,garandou,vacuus,tom,vÃ¡cuo,caducado,tupu,tom
voyage,rejse,reis,matka,voyage,seereise,perjalanan,-,tokou,-,reise,viagem,viaje,mwendo,resa (pÃ¥ sjÃ¶n)
wage,gage,gage,palkka,appointements,lohn,gaji,stipendio,kyuu,Ã¦s,-,salÃ¡rio,salario,mshahara,-
wages,gage,gage,palkka,salaire,lohn,gaji,stipendio,rouchin,Ã¦s,-,salÃ¡rios,salario,mshahara,lÃ¶n
waiter,tjener,kelner,tarjoilija,garÃ§on,kellner,pelayan restoran,cameriere,uxe-ta-,-,kelner,criado,camarero,-,kypare
walk,gÃ¥,marcheren,marssia,promenade,gehen,-,camminare,hokou,ambulare,spasertur,caminhada,paseo,-,gÃ¥
wall,mur,muur,seinÃ¤,paroi,mauer,dinding,parete,hei,paries,vegg,parede,pared,ukuta,mur
war,krig,oorlog,sota,guerre,krieg,-,guerra,kousen,bellum,krig,guerra,guerra,-,krig
watch,ur,horloge,kello,horloge,aufpassen,arloji-tangan,orologio,tokei,-,armbÃ¥ndsur,relÃ³gio,prestar atencion,saa,valla
water,vand,water,vesi,arrosez,wasser,air,diluviare,mizu,aqua,vann,Ã¡gua,acuatico,maji,vatten
waterfall,vandfald,waterval,-,cascade,wasserfall,air-terjun,cascata,bakufu,cataracta,foss,cascata,cascada,-,vattenfall
way,vej,gebruik,tie,chemin,weg {m},kebiasaan,cammino,houto,via,bruk,estrada,manera,njia,strÃ¤cka
wealthy,rig,rijk,rikas,riche,reich,-,ricco,yutaka,-,rik,rico,adinerado,tajiri,fÃ¶rmÃ¶gen
wear,bÃ¦re,voeren,kantaa,porter,abnutzen,angkat ... mengangkat,abbigliare,mamou,vehere,bÃ¦re,desgaste,sostener,-,nÃ¶tning
wednesday,onsdag,woensdag,keskiviikko,mercredi,mittwoch,rabu,mercoledÃ¬,suiyoubi,-,onsdag,quarta-feira,miercoles,jumatano,onsdag
week,uge,week,viikko,suante,woche,-,settimana,uxi-ku,-,uke,semana,semana,wiki,vecka
well,sund,goed,no,puits,gut,sehat,bene,yoshi,sanus,frisk,bem,bien,vema,gott
west,vest,westen,lÃ¤nsi,couchant,westen,barat,ovest,nishi,-,vest,oeste,oeste,magharibi,vÃ¤ster
whale,hval,walvis,valas,baleine,wal,-,balena,kujira,balÃ¦na,hval,baleia,ballena,-,val
what,hvad,hetgeen,mikÃ¤,hein,was,apa,che,nan,-,-,que,cuales,nini,vilken
wheel,hjul,wiel,pyÃ¶rÃ¤,roue,rad,roda,ruota,hoi-ru,rota,hjul,roda,rueda,-,ratt
when,nÃ¥r,wanneer,milloin,quand,sobald,-,laddove,itsu,quando,-,quando,cuando,lini,nÃ¤r
white,hvid,blanco,valkea,blanc,weiÃŸ,-,bianco,howaido,canus,hvit,branco,blanco,eupe,vit
wind,vind,op een klos winden,tuuli,emmailloter,blasen,angin,avvoltare,kaze,ventus,vind,vento,viento,upepo,nysta
wine,vin,wijn,viini,vin,wein,-,vino,wain,vinum,vin,vinho,vino,-,vin
wing,vinge,vleugel,-,piano Ã  queue,tragflÃ¤che,sayap,-,hane,pinna,vinge,asa,accla,ubawa,vinge
winter,vinter,winter,talvi,hiver,winter,-,verno,fuyu,hiems,vinter,inverno,invierno,-,vinter
with,med,met,luona,avec,mit,-,con,motte,cum,med,com,con,-,hos
without,udder,gespeend van,ilman,dÃ©nuÃ© de,ohne,tanpa,senza,naradeha,-,-,sem,sin,pasipo,utan
woman,kvinde,vrouw,-,madame,frau,wanita,donna,fujoshi,mulier,kvinne,mulher,-,mwanamke,kvinna
wood,trÃ¦,hout,puu,-,wald,kayu,legno,mokuzai,lignum,ved,madeira,leÃ±o,mti,skog
word,ord,woord,sana,mot,vokabel,-,formulare,go,verbum,ord,palavra,palabra,neno,ord
work,arbejde,functioneren,toimia,ouvrer,arbeiten,kerja,lavorare,kinmu,laborare,arbeid,trabalhar,laborar,kazi,job
world,verden,aardrijk,maailma,mondiale,welt,dunia,mondo,seken,mundus,verden,mundo,mundo,ulimwengu,vÃ¤rd
yard,gÃ¥rd,yard,piha,coudÃ©e,yard,-,ulna,ya-ru,-,gÃ¥rdsplass,jarda,corral,ua,gÃ¥rd
year,Ã¥r,jaar,vuosi,annÃ©e,jahr,-,anno,nendo,annus,Ã¥r,ano,aÃ±o,mwaka,Ã¥rtal
yellow,gul,geel,keltainen,jaune,gelb,kuning,giallo,koushoku,-,gul,amarelo,amarillo,-,gul
yes,ja,ja,kyllÃ¤,si,ja,-,sÃ¬,hai,sic,ja,sim,conforma,ndiyo,ja
yesterday,i gÃ¥r,gisteren,eilen,hier,gestern,-,ieri,kinou,-,i gÃ¥r,ontem,ayer,jana,i gÃ¥r
yet,endnu,nog,jo,nÃ©anmoins,dennoch,masih,perÃ²,katsu,iam,dog,embora,todavÃ­a,lakini,Ã¤n
you,de,jou,sinÃ¤,te,ihnen,-,a te,temae,tibi,man,tu,les,ninyi,ni
young,ung,beginnend,nuori,jeune,jung,muda,novellino,toshiwakai,-,ung,jovem,joven,mwana,ung
zero,nol,nul,nolla,zero,nullpunkt,nol,nullitÃ ,reido,-,null,zero,cero,-,noll